I have no major complaints anymore
because I am home now there's no way for
me no work for me to really go yeah this
whole this whole quarantine thing is
working out absolutely great for you I
am 100% certain that you are self
quarantined only fifty percent out of
concern for the virus the other 50
percent is definitely because you hated
going out anywhere anyway yeah I will
say one thing I'm actually quite sad
because of the timing because I was
really I used to do this thing called
sports day and on a certain day of the
week myself and some friends would go to
a field and just play random sports and
I was like really excited to get that
going again never minded me to that are
we not friends oh that's a no I have
actually you have you have I was never
able to come I had very young children
at the time in my defense in my did you
might be able to now but now we can't go
outside yeah I would be super jazzed to
come to sports day now but that doesn't
seem to be I'm hoping that we can get
like one in this summer but anyways
we've got a great show for you guys
today Intel's 10th gen mobile processors
have been announced and they actually
look like they might give AMD a run for
their money if by give them a run for
their money we're talking raw
performance as opposed to efficiency
which is typically one of the ways that
we do in fact measure the performance of
a mobile processor in other news razor
releases a new blade 15 with a 300 Hertz
display ouch get eighty four hundred
megahertz ram ddr3 sorts oh you know
every one of those jokes in a while but
razor and all the other people that are
gonna have 300 Hertz displays ddr5 mass
production starts this year that'll be
in
interesting also Samsung anything really
that's all no no I want more I want more
I know this is the intro but you got to
give me more than that we we won't see
it for a while and its impact on Intel
side probably won't be that high all
right cool all right you can tell me the
same thing now the Samsung yeah Samsung
to cease all LCD production in 2020
Samsung display decide to end all of its
production of LCD panels in South Korea
and China by the end of this year they
announced on Tuesday wow that is crazy
huge actual yeah why is that rumor
because our sources like writers which
is generally not associated with rumor
mongering okay we're gonna have to get a
little bit of clarification on that one
unfortunately although all the writers
are contributing kind of their top
stories to the doc these days and
whoever contributed that one didn't mark
it so we're just gonna have to make some
wild guesses
I'm gonna guess James and I'm gonna
guess that it's time to roll that intro
they can hear us I think I'm not sure if
they can hear the intro wait we did a
test can they hear the intro music yeah
okay cool is it is it super louder as it
is it okay this week it was oh no one's
screaming yet so well that's a good sign
and the show was brought to you today by
backplanes
honey and private Internet access whoo I
didn't see any of those coming up on
screen if you did they know they didn't
because I didn't copy the lower third
versions of the sponsor pictures so they
weren't there but I said them I said
them verbally and I'm pretty sure they
still have to pay us if I do that nice
so it should be fine that's a goal
that's the important part
mission accomplished yeah look the
videos are just a distraction okay
that's the shiny object I hold up the
keys and jangling the keys ltte store
calm that's the real play
yeah that video was so much fun to make
actually that was a total blast guys you
should have seen Luke's other takes
because it's possible that they were
worse yeah
they probably were yeah I actually don't
know if they were I think that might
have been the worst one I think they
might have intentionally taken the the
least believable take a bat see and guys
guys it was amazing so I actually
watched Riley coaching Luke like Riley
was Luke's acting coach for that shot
and he's like he's like he's showing him
how to do the cry right and it's like
he's like okay no no don't worry you
don't have to cry you just can you do
the cry for us Luke can you cry a little
bit I could try but I'm so bad as
everyone has seen and like he wanted me
to crunch over as if I got like hit in
the side and then just scrunch my face
as much as possible that was my like
guidance so I was supposed to just be
like making noise when he did the
because I told him I told him when we
were reviewing the script I was like
look Riley um that's not I don't think
that's gonna fly because he had it he
actually had a lot of more acting heavy
things written into the original script
so Colton was actually gonna be the
mastermind and I was just like upon in
his game and he had like all these
interactions so I guess and he had all
these interactions between me and Colton
like scripted out where he was gonna be
like oh I'm sorry I'm sorry for doing it
wrong and Colton was gonna like yell at
me it's ROG can't you get that through
your idiot head like it like it there
was a whole different dynamic to it and
I was like look here's the problem the
acting skill that you have to work with
here
may not be up to the standards that
you're accustomed to mr. Murdoch
and he's like no no this isn't that hard
and I'm like no no it's hard anyway so
when we were on the iteration where
where I'm like the jerk cuz I don't know
what it is but I have a really easy time
playing like a total jerk boss on camera
you know it's like it feels like I'm
barely even acting you know I just um
you know it's just all the things I want
to say I just let them out no no for
real though like I I really enjoy
playing the bad guy for whatever reason
I have way too much fun with it and when
I'm having fun it's just I just find it
really easy so we're on the iteration
where I'm just like the jerk who knows
absolutely nothing about computers
rather than being like a victim in all
of this and he shows me the the dialogue
for your interview and I'm like Luke
can't act
he can't cry you can't ask that of him
and he's like no no don't worry it's
easy all he has to do is and I'm like
okay maybe the way he did it was so
funny though that guy is so funny
yes areas it's much much funnier than I
am and I like i√≠ve tried to even explain
the lioness kept on just saying like I
told you so
I was trying to explain to Reilly like I
can't do this this is not my type of
acting I can act like upset or angry
you can handle anger pretty well yeah
like we've done some some skits and like
some just kind of goofy cringy stuff
like that where Luke has to act angry
and he can do it like a hundred pounds
on me I like sad or interested when I'm
not which is a bit of an issue when
you're reviewing things and like a few
other things I have troubles with yeah
yeah anger though anger Luke connect
angry and I can act like a jerk whenever
we whenever we've done skits for like
I'm supposed to be a jerk and he's
supposed to be mad about it it's like
people are like wow these guys can act
no not really
one-dimensional yeah all right why don't
we jump into our first topic for the day
you know let's go straight into Samsung
to be seizing all LCD production so this
is South Korean panel maker Samsung
display this is from Reuters comm has
decided to end all of its production of
LCD displays in South Korea and China by
the end of this year so just to clarify
this is samsung display which like LG
display is not the same thing as Samsung
Electronics Co Limited the company that
you would buy your fancy Galaxy
smartphone or even your Samsung branded
consumer TV from so samsung Display
makes panels that they then actually
sell to the separate company Samsung
Electronics Co Limited so that's how you
avoid a situation where Apple is suing
Samsung over copying the iPhone or
whatever and then Apple also needs to
buy display panels from Samsung those
are two separate companies actually they
will definitely continue to work
together one really important note here
too is that they're ceasing the
production of LCD they're not ceasing in
a production of screens or panels
they're just ceasing production of LCD
screens and panels they're they're
moving to OLED and stuff like that
they're moving on moving forward so one
thing that's a little bit confusing to
me is I I can't like I it drives me
crazy but I think part of this is just
like like a branding thing because
Samsung can you know because Samsung is
ceasing their production of LCDs but
they are going to keep manufacturing so
the investment for the next five years
will be focused on converting one of the
South Korean LCD lines into a facility
to mass-produce more
advanced quantum dot screens yeah
they're I think they're they're
legitimately I think part of this
announcement is a is a like marketing
ploy because they're like they're
different yeah they're new the thing is
that they're not the same so so right
now Samsung's entire Q LED lineup is
based on LCD panels with a quantum dot
layer that helps them be more efficient
and have a wider color gamut and all
those benefits that you get from quantum
dots but Samsung has it seems very
intentionally branded their Q LED
displays very similarly to OLED and very
separately from LCDs so what's not clear
to me right now though is when they say
and this is this is a quote from the
article when they say they were they're
gonna produce more advanced quantum dot
screens what they're not saying is
whether those are going to be quantum
dot screens with LCDs as the the
foundational technology or if those are
going to be the upcoming that I've heard
rumors of this I actually haven't looked
into it for a while so I don't know how
solid any of it is but the upcoming OLED
based quantum dot displays cuz there's a
little actual reason that you couldn't
use an OLED panel and quantum dot to
work with each other I just think no one
has done it yet don't quote me on any of
that though I just I was like up late
reading months ago and was looking into
that but so we just don't know what kind
of quantum dot displays Samsung's gonna
be working on over there whatever they
end up doing they're far from ending
display production oh yeah if anything
else they're just like retooling their
facility and moving forward the big
announcement here is really that they're
investing ten point seven two billion
dollars in their facilities and research
to convert their current LCD production
facilities to more advanced quantum dot
production facilities yeah whatever that
necessarily means in terms of what's
driving it behind it is slightly up in
the air right
in our notes oh good yeah good it wasn't
in that article but it must be one of
the other ones so the first iteration of
these Miller advanced quantum dot
screens yeah we'll use OLED displays and
quantum dot as a film they're expected
into the market in 2022 whoo
cool we're good yeah so they currently
run two LCD production lines at
factories in South Korea and two LCD
only factories in China last October
they suspended one of the LCD Korean
lines they have not yet decided on the
future operation of their factories in
China LG Display said earlier this year
that they're going to halt domestic
production of LCD TV panels by the end
of 2020 so it looks like basically
what's happened sorry
basically what's happened is the Chinese
LCD makers have come in flooded the
market with panels at lower prices and
it's no longer profitable to produce
LCDs the good news is that if your
Samsung and your LG you're used to
playing this game you're always trying
to get one step out ahead of the curve
so that's why for the last three four
five ten years you've been working on
refining OLED or you've been working on
micro LED and so by the time LCD gets
cheap and you know basically anyone can
buy a gigantic TV for a few hundred
dollars that's big enough to fill their
living room which is basically where
we're at they're gonna have something
that's newer and better and more
compelling in some meaningful way that
they can actually make a decent amount
of margin on yeah so I I for one am
super excited about micro LED getting to
a new level of affordability because the
performance is already amazing you
haven't done a trade show with us in a
while but micro LED displays have gotten
freaking nuts and you know I think where
TV manufacturers are up against a lot of
a lot of bottlenecks right now and by
bottlenecks I mean bottlenecks in the in
the ways that they can make the user
experience more enjoyable so for a long
time it was making your TV you know
possible to move around and making it
take up less space in your living room
right back when we went from CRTs - you
know plasmas or like the early LCDs I
mean early LCDs they didn't have an
image
the advantage over CRT right yeah they
were more expensive they were just they
were slimmer that was cool they weren't
they didn't weigh an obscene amount they
weren't like impossible to move you
could mount them up on a wall other cool
stuff like that so next up was the
resolution war so we went from you know
what is it
12 12 whatever by like 768 being an HD
TV up to you know you got 4k and even 8k
displays on the market all right
meanwhile you've got the size war
actually the size war probably came
before the resolution war they were
really pushing up sizes with like rear
projection and then with LCDs later once
those got more affordable then we've got
the resolution oh yeah then we got the
gimmicks in between you know your 3d
stereoscopic 3d which actually was a
very cool experience on the first
generation LG signature because ol Ed's
OLED pixels are actually fast enough
that you got really great separation and
I was actually kind of disappointed but
the next generation signature did away
with 3d because I own a couple of pretty
great 3d blu-rays and they looked I
think most people haven't had including
myself I believe you that you have this
experience but I think most people
haven't had a very positive like TV 3d
experience you have to have that clear
image separation and enough brightness
and in a dark room that OLED Wow
I think Taryn has that at his house so
if you could convince him to let you
come over for a movie night not right
now
alright now a thing but it is is I gave
him the glasses too he's got at least
two pairs of glasses for it so it's
worth it's worth trying it's really good
um so anyway you had you get mix in
there and then now we're up against a
problem because you can't you can't make
them any thinner right it's it's already
at the point where you can literally
mount a TV on your wall as wallpaper
okay if you if you're willing to spend
the money for it and even the ones that
you can't put on as wallpaper are good
enough you've reached the point where
more resolution is actually meaningless
going from 4k to 8k yeah
and in fact meanwhile so the the TV
manufacturers are pushing up the
resolution meanwhile NVIDIA is sitting
over there going like oh yeah we can
just use like AI upscaling to basically
change like increase the perceived
sharpness of the image in a way that
doesn't degrade it and that tech is
getting really good so it's integrated
into the new shield TV Jake's working on
a review right now and it'll take 1080p
content and upscale it to 4k it's like
it's looking it's looking pretty fine
pretty tight so okay that's totally
pointless and then the size of the
displays themselves has gotten to the
point where you can like the I'm not
gonna say the average family but I'm
gonna say the like American Dream family
okay so you got your minivan you got
your suburban house you know what I'm
talking about right they can afford a
sixty five to seventy seven inch TV
assuming that they're not buying any one
every year you know what I mean like if
you're upgrading your TV on a reasonable
cycle like every five years or something
like that you can any anyone you know
like the family can own a gigantic TV
like the kind of people used to assume
that you had to be a millionaire to own
it's that's not the case anymore and
it's to the point where you can't even
transport them there's like I think I
think there's like 65 if you find the
right Chinese panel you can get like 65
inch TVs this might be in US dollars to
be clear but for like 300 350 bucks
exactly I'm a $300 which is probably a
little higher now so probably close to
350 399 is like the target big
electronic purchase price it's like your
xbox your PlayStation your switch your
TV they're all around that price because
that's more digestible for that target
you were just talking yeah that's the
disposable that's the like this
disposable income magic number that's
why that's yeah like yeah every game
console basically like that's what you
know early disc mints cost you know many
disc players like that's the price point
everyone's going for for a reason but
they're at the point now where you can't
really okay we can HDR can get better
HDR can keep getting better but to a lot
of people that's not going to be as mean
full of an improvement and now that you
can get a 4k 120 Hertz TV like you
finally bought a TV after all these
years yes did you go with did you go
with the B or the C Series the the one
you recommend yeah it's like basically
it's amazing to call and I got it at the
perfect time because now we're my whole
my roommate my girlfriend and I are all
quarantined in the house and now we have
this sweet TV so it's actually worked
out really well have you gained on it
yet not much but a little bit yes so
it's nice we're at the point now where
you can get a 4k 120 Hertz OLED panel
for like you know pretty affordable and
it's got great HDR so so basically in
order to improve things you kind of got
to go big again
like I think that you could convince you
to upgrade if you could have like your
whole wall covered in TV for like the
same price as what you paid now hold on
though hold on we're talking on it now
we're talking with perfect black levels
right because that's what micro LED
offers it's perfect black just like OLED
so what you could effectively do is like
cover your wall with these panels and
then you could have like a configurable
TV so you can have it be like super
ultra panoramic for movies you could
have it be like huge for just like you
know video chatting you could have a
like live wall yeah a live I could be
like one of those you know the like the
the TV itself has this but the
chromecast version is way better when it
like play it puts random pictures on
screen exactly you had a live wall that
was kind of like that and you could have
like a moving I know it said moving
picture but you know what I mean
like like a still camera long-term shot
of like the hills of Switzerland or
something craziness like that that's
gonna be amazing
that's coming and I bet not far behind
it is gonna be like the built in eye
tracking technology so that as you walk
past it like it's like a window and cool
stuff like that it's absolutely coming
and I think that's really where they
have to go to incentivize anyone who's
buying a TV today to upgrade because I'm
at the point now where the one in my
living room which is basically identical
to
is like endgame I don't desire it was
like I don't do like anything else me
neither
it's fine one of the this is this is
small but I I haven't owned a TV I this
is the first TV that I have ever
purchased I traded for one I gave
someone some RAM and a CPU cooler
yeah and I got TV so this is a first TV
I've ever purchased and we plugged the
switch into the TV because my girlfriend
want to play Animal Crossing on the TV
and she grabbed the remote and pressed
the voice control button and said like
open Nintendo's switch or something and
I was like oh that's not gonna work you
have to tell it like what input to go
through and the TV was just like opening
Nintendo switch and just worked
immediately I was like that's pretty
good stuff is pretty cool yeah all right
let's move on to our next topic so yeah
they're seizing LCD production but it's
not a big deal because they're still
gonna make displays they're just gonna
be ones that they can actually make
margin on and that push push things
forward and micro LED is where I'm
really excited the good news is they've
got you know five years to eight years
while all the people that are still
rocking you know early generation LCDs
get through their upgrade cycle but I
don't I think at the enthusiast level
there's not going to be much to
incentivize people pass what we have now
all right let's talk about the 10th gen
mobile processor shall we yes this was
posted by Williams CLL on the forum and
we've basically got graphs of how much
better the new generation is compared to
a three-year-old processor the i7 7820
HK in games now the notes say that there
are graphs so hopefully I will find them
is that what this is did oh okay yeah
sure I guess
oh boy do I have oh and you're dead Luke
are you still there you don't see you
don't see the the screen oh oh hey look
at that yes I do can you uh shovel of it
a little bit to the right is there a way
for you to do that uh you know what no
don't worry about it don't worry about
it
good no no don't don't worry about it
it's good enough all right cool
so you want to scroll us down to those
performance graphs there yeah hey there
they are look at that okay so Intel
estimates that the gaming advantage
compared to a three-year-old laptop now
wait a second are they factoring in that
this new laptop is gonna have a better
GPU in it where's the wait what is the
three-year-old laptop they're comparing
against now just just a just a gosh darn
moment here okay usually Intel is pretty
good about having like the configuration
of the systems that they're using listed
somewhere at the bottom of these claims
you know with all the little asterisks
and stuff I don't see it yeah I don't
see anything oh wait maybe on the 10th
gen core mobile processors slide no I
don't see the specs here all right well
at any rate there's the lineup so at the
top end you've got the ten nine eight eh
k that is an overclockable chip although
good freaking luck
that's base clock 2.4 max single core
turbo of 5.3 that is pretty nuts then
you've got the i7 10 8 7 5 H oh yeah
that is an 8 core 16 thread processor
this next one down is also 45 watts also
eight core 16 thread and it perturb O's
up to 5.1 with a base clock of 2.3
moving right on down we've got a couple
of 6 cores I think that 10 850 H could
be a really interesting one so that's 6
cores 45 Watts 5.1 maximum single core
turbo that one's pretty interesting to
me that 2.7 gigahertz all core boost all
core yeah base alright that 2.7 base is
pretty nice and then you move down into
we've got another 6 core that's also an
i7 and the I fives are both quad core
eight thread but these are all 45 watt
TDP processors which basically tells us
right out of the gate that the compete
level with hamdi's fourth gen rise in
mobile is chair
it's good this is gonna be tough this is
gonna be an uphill battle and yeah
they've got fancy slides in here talking
about up to 54% more FPS versus a 3-year
old PC but like if you are conveniently
leaving out and conveniently comparing
to a three year old PC versus a two year
old one because the two year old one
would be equipped with a very similar
graphics card like you're if you're
ignoring the graphics card upgrades that
have taken place over the last couple of
years you are really reaching it's a
question I have for you yes is in the in
the time of this kovat stuff and there's
there's stuff going around that this
might last a couple or a few more months
or who knows laptop purchase and
investment what do you think huh is when
I saw this I'm like okay so they're
they're launching a new mobile processor
but I wonder what the what the market
for mobile stuff is gonna be I could
kind of see arguments potentially for
both a higher interest in buying
something mobile and a lower interest in
buying something mobile you now have
more people with the prospect of
potentially working from home you can
get kind of nicer experiences for
working from home out of a desktop that
being said if you need to invest in a
computer investing a computer that you
can take back to work or back to school
or whatever else when those
organizations open up again might be
kind of the play let's say I really in a
minute because I just checked the notes
and yes in fact the comparable system
that they're comparing against the
three-year-old laptop has a gtx 1080 and
the new one has an RT x 2080 and the
source for that information is Alex one
Alex Clark from Linus tech tips it's a
YouTube channel you might have heard of
on a conference call with Intel about
these processors so that seems like a
pretty good pretty good source that's
pretty silly data then ouch so he's got
some speculation in here will these be
able to beat the new Rison 9 he says
this is a guess in all caps
probably in performance he's probably
right but it'll take a huge laptop with
much more cooling and this is also a
guest but probably a correct guess so
there's loads of new premium laptops
coming out with these so we'll be
interested to see if if if they hold up
you can expect reviews for sure all
right
let's change gears and let's talk about
weather now is the right time to buy a
laptop or a desktop after this message
from our sponsors Backblaze yeah I got
them got a full Backblaze is an
unlimited cloud backup for Macs and PCs
for just six dollars a month
they've got over 35 billion files
restored you can backup Doc's music
photos videos drawings projects all the
data basically that's what it says that
is in my talking points all the data you
can restore files from anywhere download
them directly on the web or you can
restore by mail so if you do it by mail
they will actually overnight FedEx you a
hard drive full of your data you can
offload everything send it back to them
and they will refund you for the drive
cool stuff right no long keep cost
structure and I believe this was I
thought this was Backblaze one second
thought I saw news about this yes March
23rd 2020 Backblaze reached one exabyte
of data nerds nerds so for a
fully-featured 15-day free trial go to
Backblaze dot-com slash man
it's not that I'm salty because I have I
have not as much it's not a measuring
contest okay it's just that they're
nerds so go play with it and start
protecting yourself from potential bad
times the show is also brought to you by
honey why don't you have honey yet look
I'm ignoring my talking points this is
very straightforward you installed the
honey browser extension in your web
browser and then you shop like you would
normally shop and then it just pops up
and it's like hey you missed this coupon
code I saved you some money that's it
it's free honey makes money from the
retailers not from you that's where they
get their Commission it is free to use
it installs in just two clicks and it
saves you money that's bad
the pitch so go to join honey calm slash
Linus I'm gonna got that linked right
there and join honey just join it just
be one with the honey it's sweet get it
you got it
the show is also brought I was gonna say
my biggest thing with honey is whether
it saves you money or not and it saved
me money a number of times but it's the
peace of mind of knowing that I've done
the work you got that I was legitimately
one of those people that would hunt down
coupon codes online before YouTube and
now I just press the button it tries
them all and if they all fail I'm like
well that's right I really yeah I really
like the price history feature on Amazon
in particular so knowing if even if I'm
getting the best deal now knowing if
it's actually a good deal it's pretty
sweet yeah
the show is also brought to you by
private Internet access what's in your
online security toolkit not PIAA well
then get PIAA adding a VPN lets you mask
your IP and it encrypts traffic to and
from your devices p IA has reliable
service with over 3300 servers in 30
countries and they now feature wire
guard which is in a beta state but
they've got wire guard now there's no
bandwidth caps and you can configure
your encryption and you can set up your
internet kill switch so it's not going
to allow any data through if your VPN
becomes disconnected for whatever reason
so just get it when combined with
private browsing it can even make
websites think you're in a different
country it's risk for you to try with
their 30-day money-back guarantee and
you can connect up to five devices at
once with clients for Windows Mac OS
Android iOS and Linux so think about it
no matter how diverse your your group of
you know tech nerd friends is you could
all install p IA and i'm not gonna say
that you could do it all of you on one
device each with one account but you
could I love that PIAA just like doesn't
even look at these spots that we do for
them whatever the point is get pi/8 it's
it's affordable LM GGG / p IA when all
right now I really want to talk about
that thing that you were gonna talk
about desktop or laptop because the
other thing I want you to go first
though hit me
I I kind of always vote this way by I
think yeah your Byam yeah just try again
I'm pretty into desktops I think now
would be the time to go in for a desktop
you think so yeah you know what man it's
tough okay you stuck at home if you if
you never built a computer before you
you probably have time for projects
whether or not you're able to fit in
building a computer in that project I
don't know but you probably have time
for projects you could dive into
building a computer now there's a bunch
of nerds also stuck at home and I'm
gonna help you you have a phone you
would be able to show a like video of
you could do a video call with someone
and show like most people are for work
and staff these days and show them
exactly what's going on and get it fixed
no problem sure there's gonna be no
issue there and then you'll have the
premium experience during the duration
of the quarantine yeah I think that's
pretty cool I think that's fair you're
leaning a little bit to your right there
sorry but then I can also fully
understand the argument of like I need
to get a computer for the home but I
won't really use it in my home once
quarantine stuff is over and having one
that you could take with you to your
work or to your school or wherever you
need to go so that's why I'm torn
because on the one hand it is a great
time to build a desktop so we did a we
did a machine on live stream earlier
today actually I built a machine that
let me just check the the specs of it
but it was late hundred bucks $800 they
accidentally the RGB one was actually
not included in the $800 oops
so that was my bad but hold on let me
just have a look here either way that's
a few a few bucks at her and you don't
have to buy that one if you don't want
so reisen 530 600 X that is a six core
processor with great performance that is
basically as high as you need to go to
play any game on the market with any
graphics card I mean you can go higher
if you want and then you can you know
video and code for days or whatever but
that is a great chip decent asrock be
for 50 board that supports everything
you need as long as you're not trying to
run SLI or like
you know fancy ten gigabit per second
front panel USB or anything like that
it's got it's got everything you really
need it's got 16 gigs of RAM I think we
put two sticks of these eight gig ddr4
3200 s in there
512 gig m2 SSD the our TX 2060 ko so
that's the cool one that's using the
same GPU as the 2070 and so has a bit
better performance in compute
applications decent case 500 watt 80
plus gold EVGA power supply that is a
good system yeah
hundred dollars you could monitor
keyboard and mouse and you are ready to
go for under a grand so that's fantastic
because the reality of it is I don't
know what it is but somehow laptops just
seem to slow down over time don't they
there's nothing scientific that I can
find to back up to back it up but like
they just they were fast and then they
feel slow I don't I don't get it and
they just they seem to die faster like
that's been my experience with it
generally die faster yeah I mean my
girlfriend is still using my old 2600 K
GTX 780 setup oh there's no way you're
running a laptop from that era and
having a good no periods no and it's and
her experience is totally fine okay
but let me give you the counterpoint to
that argument okay let me just see I
didn't need to check pricing on this one
real quick here we also did a video this
week on the Zephyrus g14 let me just see
if that one is is up yet rise in sevens
second gen yeah no it looks like it
looks like that particular model is not
up on Newegg yet unfortunately but
that's a laptop with a solid solid
graphics card in it basically desktop
level gaming performance out of the CPU
laptops have also come a long way in
terms so here how long so RT X 2060 it's
got the horizon 9 4900 HS which is just
an unbelievable chip eight course 16
threads it turbos up to four point three
gigahertz which on AMD's architecture is
awesome 512 gigs of storage 14
and display you can get a high refresh
rate one so you can get a 120 Hertz
display for what is more money yes that
is a great experience
and if you hooked it up to an external
monitor and you're willing to live that
dongle life when you when you sit with
it at your desk there is so much
high-speed IO on a laptop these days
that you can do basically whatever you
want to do I streamed when show last
week it wasn't pleasant because I didn't
have the ergonomics sorted out but I
streamed when show last week with
multiple sources off of an ultrabook
yeah and that was one that was only a
six core and it was an Intel one that's
not as powerful as this new risin
processor which is an 8 core and you can
get in like a slim laptop there's
something to be said for being able to
take the performance with you yes it's
less on the go and be able to use the
same machine both at work and at home
absolutely an in terms of dongle
expansion you could even just go with
one of the like Amazon basics desktop
USB 3 extent not extension expansion I
don't know but it like powers itself
through the wall so it's able to deliver
full power to all the USB ports it's
it's actually really nice and it's like
30 bucks or something and then you don't
actually really have to deal with all
these short kind of dangly annoying
dongles because you can place that
wherever you want and I just yeah sorry
I I think yeah if you have a very strong
argument for the mobility of the
computer down the line when we're out of
quarantine that's its own thing I just
think right now is especially a strong
argument for building a desktop I I
don't think you're wrong I mean the
desktop is gonna be more upgradable in
the long term it's just that we also
happen to be going through a big leap
forward in performance your notebooks at
this very moment right now so it's just
that's a good time to good time to get a
computer you know you know I'm talking
alright when all those crazy amount of
people that have started playing
computer games the the stats out of like
Steam and twitch and all this kind of
stuff is crazy over the last
even I got a streaming setup I want to
nano this weekend
I've got like the key lights and
everything like you you can't see it I
look pretty crappy on your feet just
because I'm I've got a webcam at about
10 FPS I'm moving my head back and forth
and Luke's feed looks hilariously bad
but I've got a DSLR that I'm using for
the land show it actually looks in my
opinion quite quite crisp I can see it
on I have the twitch and flow plane in
YouTube streams oh come on my desktop at
home desktop it wouldn't matter so you
can plug monitors into a laptop whatever
look don't worry about it but but I have
lots of monitor space so I'm just put
everything everywhere as great you know
what that's another thing too is like
laptop i/o has come a long way I talk a
lot about how great Thunderbolt is but
you don't even need Thunderbolt like a
USB 10 gigabit per second 10 gigabit per
second that is a lot of data you could
have a couple of capture cards running
off of a single one of those ports no
problem at all so yeah something be said
both ways yeah on the subject of laptops
this was one of Colin's suggestions for
topics today Razer released a new blade
15 with a 300 Hertz display so that's
kinda nice full HD or you can get an
OLED 4k touchscreen if you prefer that
it's got HDR 400 certification on the
OLED panel then HDR and laptops we
needed OLED to come for that to happen
just because you can't do it on an LCD
without full array local dimming and you
have a laptop that's like this thick I
don't want to be I don't want to be
boring but all of this is like I don't
know 300 Hertz on a laptop or 4k on a
laptop are both things nicely are you
just salty because you don't have it
they're both things I would definitely
not invest my money in okay 4k on a
laptop I'm with you a hundred percent
makes no sense 1440p should have been
the laptop resolution five years ago and
it should still be the laptop resolution
today there is no reason to be pushing
those extra pixels on a 14-inch 15 inch
device it makes no sense as for 300
Hertz
I'm not it's not the worst thing I just
don't want spend my money on it so I was
surprised when we did the test with Cory
shroud and and with Grimm's I was
surprised because I always thought going
from 60 to 120 was night and day and
then past there it was kind of like
point of diminishing returns but the
amount of improvement that we saw once
we were measuring it empirically from
those guys even going up to 240 Hertz
was noticeable so I would be interested
to see do they actually get another
maybe it's just 10% maybe it's just 8%
better but when you're talking
competitive gaming I would take 8% any
day of the week I just I'll do anything
I can get because I suck but that's a
whole no oh dude I refuse to timbre no
longer on speaking terms so this is
gonna be a really awkward rest of the
wine show yeah I just like how much
you're talking really high in
competitive gaming I don't know how much
of that happens on a laptop I'm sure
some does I know people that have been
super super into gaming that played on a
laptop but like that being there their
main system seems like maybe a little
bit of a stretch to me personally but I
don't know it's cool to have those
options for people I guess it's just
very notably not for me if I want to
really try hard at a game I'll sit down
in the desktop you're really showing off
your your Corona beard here I never told
Luke that I wouldn't talk to you guys so
I'm talk on the show just not to him
I've got another great topic to tell you
guys about here so eighty four hundred
megahertz ram is now coming ddr5 mass
production starts this year so we began
the transition from ddr3 to DDR
or six years ago wrap your brain around
that six years ago the transition began
and now memory suppliers are finally
laying the groundwork for the leap from
ddr4 to ddr5 now ddr4 has gotten better
it's gotten faster the latencies have
gotten better that it has definitely
been refined in that time but we have
not had a generational leap forward in
quite some time ladies and gentlemen so
thanks so much sense I asked so before a
graphics card in some RAM and I was able
to hook him up and I asked him like do
you need ddr3 of ddr4 and he kind of
paused for a second as in like what do
you even mean and then it was like ddr4
and I was like well I don't know but
yeah I guess no one really needs that SK
Hynix is claiming that ddr5 will
ultimately offer twice the been but
currently available with ddr4 modules so
the current ddr4 modules top out well
the J decks certified ones top out at
thirty two hundred megahertz although
you can definitely get ones that go
faster oh so there'll be a 50% boost in
bandwidth meaning that ddr5 4800 should
become in place but speeds will ramp up
from there and they claim they'll reach
up to DDR 580 400 megahertz in the
future modules are operated I will
operate at just one point one volt
versus one point two volts there'll be
Ondi error correction for more reliable
technology node scaling by correcting
single bit errors internally that's
pretty sweet
thirty-two Bank structure an upgrade
from ddr4 sixteen banks for perfor Bank
Group's or if it's just for error
correcting memory or if that's for
everything first length of 16 versus
eight for ddr4 ddr5 will offer a wide
range of density based on gigabit and
even 24 gigabit monolithic dies in order
to meet the needs of cloud service
customers really 24 gigabit dies ha
that's a the first time I think I've
seen like an oddball an oddball die
sized like that mass production will be
later this year cool sorry can you guys
hear something
I really thought you're gonna fight I'm
over it I'm back I'm back err I forgive
you for claiming to you that a gaming he
is so much better than me that to hear
him say that he's bad is basically a
direct insult to me because it means
this I must be gutter trash but this
whole debate isn't fair either because
you just never play games so once you
play a game long enough you're really
good at it
no no yes I would we've proven this a
number of tonight raw skills are just
not enough not enough to compete I'm
afraid my job pretty sure he played
three matches of pub G when he had never
touched the game ever before and we won
two out of our first three yeah but I
didn't do anything we're playing yes
you're good I didn't do much I don't
remember what the names of the guns are
in that game because I haven't played
for in forever but he had one of the
lower damage snipers and he would always
tag people before engages at least once
or twice and then we were able to just
clean them up that's super valuable you
just didn't get the killing blows yeah I
didn't I don't think I got any kills so
yeah there's that it's fine it's a
support role support role yeah that's
another way of saying that I'm not good
enough to play in the frontline I'm
definitely better than you at beat Sabre
though so I'm uh I'm Jay I'm taking that
to the bank
I've been I've been playing so much I've
like gotten a lot better too I don't
think I'd ever be able to properly
compete with you because I don't have
the that type of wrist movement it's not
exactly my forte I was showing Yvonne
yeah you're more into sorry I was
showing Yvonne like how I moved my
wrists for beat Sabre I was like yeah
it's got a you're showing Yvonne how you
move your wrists oh yeah you got a
protein right you got a pronate and
instead of kind of slicing like this you
know instead of being like this
you got a slice through like this and
she was like oh and then we actually got
from there into working on her badminton
swing cuz I was like yeah it should be
just like your badminton swing and she's
like yeah I'm swinging just like my
badminton sorry I'm like oh well then
you've adn't in swings wrong we got
that unfortunately we can't go anywhere
and play because all the gyms are closed
so that that blows but I'm looking
forward to getting back into it my weird
little ball thing has shipped now to
like hit against the wall and practice
what's the ETA
there is no ETA it's shipped via like
economy because I wasn't willing to pay
$12 or whatever okay all right let's
talk about this kind of a big topic
CloudFlare is now offering filtering for
pornography and malware so this was
posted by tetris guy on the forum and if
you're not familiar CloudFlare has their
one dot DNS so one dot one dot one dot
one and they are launching a new product
which is 1.1 1.1 for families offering
all the good stuff about 1.1 to 101
which is faster DNS queries but now with
filtering for malware and adult content
so if you use one dot one dot one dot
two that'll block malware that they're
aware of I mean obviously won't catch
everything and if you do 1.1 1.3 it will
block malware and adult content should
we try it live on stream no you don't
want to you attempted you're tempted
you're a little I mean I'm very
interested I'm honestly more interested
because I don't really care about the
other one I'm more interested in the
malware how they decide something's
malware yeah I'm interested in to how
they decide what adult content is
because is it just pornography like are
we are we opening up the Pandora's box
of Internet filtrate reddit here and I
doubt it I'm sure read it is permitted
I doubt it too but like is this tumblr
banned probably not anymore because I
guess they did away with that so here's
how it works in the coming months
they'll be launching options to create
whitelists and blacklists of certain
sites and you'll be able to set the
times of day when categories such as
social media are blocked and you'll be
able to get reports on your households
internet usage so this is intended to be
something that
much like there was a product from a
shoot I think it was the BitDefender box
yeah there was a product from
BitDefender that I showed that you can
basically install as your router or in
between your router and your and your
broader internet connection that would
do this kind of filtration and reporting
but this is pretty much just being able
to do it through your routers DNS
settings which is very very interesting
it uses the same site categorization and
filtering technology that powers
CloudFlare is a gateway product and I'm
not that familiar with it are you know
ok well that's unfortunate I mean you
look at they have a lot of difference as
a parent man I could see myself using
this like just yeah kids are always
gonna be able to get through stuff but
making it a little more difficult like
making it a little less convenient not
necessarily a bad thing yeah I don't
know what Gateway is I mean I could see
putting the I could see just using the
malware blocker at the office like you
never know if someone's gonna just derp
and like accidentally infect the whole
place yeah that that could be helpful
for some things someone in twitch chat
said eh apparently the filter as with
other filters other similar filters in
the past it has issues with LGBT content
yep inappropriately flagging it so
that's interesting
something to maybe pay attention to I
don't know it's it's when it's not
manually done it's interesting what it's
gonna catch yeah and what it's not gonna
catch powered by lava lamps or whatever
yeah it is very cool and stuff yeah yeah
all right we gotta kind of level amps or
we're deciding I I'm in I'm done all
right do you want to fire up the Ltd
store calm cuz we got a pretty pretty
cool update I'll just go ahead and
screen share that so guys you can join
the folding team now with your shirt
we've got a folding shirt so the profits
from this one not the proceeds we do
need to cover the actual cost of the
shirts and printing and all that but the
profits from these are going to go
directly to folding at-home efforts
we're not a hundred percent sure what
form they're going to take yet it's
possible that we will be keeping our
folding farm our folding farm excuse me
our sari kovat efforts oh ok they're
going towards kovat efforts so it's
possible that we're gonna keep our 3d
printing faceshield farm running and
actually hire one of Colin's Maker
buddies to run that so we could we could
cover some of the costs of running that
whether it's filament or a salary for
someone to keep that running for as long
as operation shields up needs more face
shields we might end up donating it
directly whether it's to Cove it or
folding at home research but basically
the commitment from our side is all the
profits from the shirts are going to
fund efforts around kovat 19 research
and relief in Canada and this is pretty
cool each dollar raised will be matched
towards folding at home directly by
Intel up to a maximum of forty thousand
US dollars that's awesome thank you in
tow yeah so guys this item is sold as a
pre-order all the shirts will be printed
and shipped within three weeks orders
including this shirt by the way if you
order other stuff with it will not be
shipped until the shirt is printed so
that we don't get billed for shipping
twice but yeah this is just a cool way
to wrap folding at home wrap the LTTE
folding team oh yeah I didn't show you
guys this but the back I didn't see ya
there's a QR there's a QR code on the
back No so if you scan it it will
actually take you to extreme
overclocking to the Linus tech tips team
stats page that's pretty cool
just like you know little little nerdy
things right yeah I know I like that
that's cool I just actually want to have
a look at our stats guys if you haven't
joined the Linus tech tips folding team
yet come on guys get get on this because
we
are currently absolutely crushing it so
in the last hour 24-hour average is four
billion points which is over
one-and-a-half billion more than the
default non configured team let's see
and then after that it falls off pretty
sharply with everyone else under a
billion so yeah we're kind of we're kind
of crushing it so keep it up guys
we've got over 50,000 active folders
right now and we're looking to we're
looking to move up the ranks here would
be nice to move up the ranks so let's
let's do it oh yes yes very funny okay
yes we do also have another merch item
that is that is very hot very fresh you
know very very funny very funny joke
hashtag ly nos Nick insisted that we do
just like a simple black shirt with
white text you know like I said the word
type of thing if you guys this will be a
limited this will be a limited run shirt
we're never gonna bring this back again
for sure it's like one of those haha
very funny joke I remember that I got
the shirt but this is not the kind of
thing that we're gonna have around
forever although if if painted me to say
this if LTX goes ahead this year I
suspect that showing up in one of those
would be pretty much the cool kids move
I was literally thinking like the
probably one of the better ways to troll
you would be wearing one of those and
like getting a picture or something
giving you to sign it as a signature of
authenticity yeah hashtag lightness
there's other good store news
the stealth hoodies that we paid $12
shipped per per unit those are in stuck
in hell and we have not altered the
pricing so we're just absorbing that $12
so guys get it stealth hoodie the
classic $59.99 USD alright that's that's
it for all that stuff and actually I
don't know if I have anything uh I don't
know if I have anything else in here
that's like worth talking about YouTube
is reportedly working on shorts to
compete
tik-tok I mean if it's anywhere near as
bad as their stories feature then I
doubt it'll compete that much but the
stories gets a lot of views I can tell
you a lot of people look at them they
just need to they just need to improve
the app a little bit because it's real
it's real clunky yeah I think one of
YouTube's issues is going to be
notifications and delivery just like it
is with stories to a certain degree with
everything that they've tried to do
other than just kind of like vaad it
feel it has the like this site wasn't
made for this yeah feel and like where
do you put it I have what know how to
Gloria does it even go under how do you
make people care when someone shows up
to the homepage how do you decide like
oh yeah this person definitely wanted to
see a short instead of a proper normal
YouTube video they'd almost need like I
can wonder if to a certain at a certain
point if like a separate app would
almost make more sense for these types
of things I don't think so I think they
have to find a way to bring it all under
the YouTube umbrella for better or for
worse because here's the thing yeah but
they have YouTube music they do but
that's not that's just music that's just
them trying to like use the licensing
for music that they already have for
YouTube to make a you know to have an
easier approach to like music streaming
I think as far as I can tell I don't
know why Google Play Music is going away
and YouTube music is replacing it
because there's a branding thing it may
it makes no sense to me whatsoever so
Google Play Music is like nice and easy
to use and YouTube music is not so yeah
there's that good old Google just doing
Google things I mean here's the thing
too is you and I might be looking at
this tik tok clone or the store stories
and not really able to understand it
because we aren't the target audience
but I can tell you that when I'm on top
of my YouTube stories my subscription
rate for the channel goes up stories are
being fed to people who are otherwise
not engaged with the content it's a
totally different audience member in a
lot of cases and they can be a gateway
to get people into the full-fledged
techy content that we upload like our
longer form stuff so there does appear
to be a value to it it's just something
that I don't really understand that well
because I'm not I'm not personally a
member of that audience yeah make sense
I think that's pretty much it for the
show this week it's kind of a couple
chats maybe ah okay
logan game says hey you alrighty then
Robert Mills says put this five dollar
super chat a couple minutes after we go
live TGI Friday did you hear about zoom
security being poor as all heck yeah
yeah we did that was uh that was one of
our top stories in tech linked on
Wednesday when I filmed it shot that in
my front yard because I have a new
neighbor who just like is always
blasting music in their backyards my
backyard just always has music coming
over the fence and it's like it's not
like classical music you know it's like
annoying music and some lyrics are
explicit it's like really oh we get a
clue like just you're in a family
neighborhood maybe calm down a little
bit yeah
like just just get a clue it's just not
necessary and like it's not if they were
just listening to it like just loud
enough for them to hear that would be
fine but I'm not that close and it's
loud like if I open my bedroom window I
can listen to their music like it's
really annoying
I love twitch chat you're talking about
this like loud music explicit lyrics and
stuff and somebody in chat just in all
caps Vengaboys taking place you had no I
don't think so twitch chat is just like
so so brutal and like dumb sometimes
it's like this is shadows trying to
throw you a bone but he's kind of right
I'm just like there's there's one person
I'm not even gonna name them they're
like aka
black rap that is nothing but vulgarity
let me tell you I've heard some white
rap that is nothing but vulgarity and
I've I've heard some some other colors
of rap that are pretty colorful too
I heard not rap that's quite colorful
it's pretty vulgar yeah yeah let's not
pretend that that's what this is about
there's plenty of rock music that like
is directly about committing heinous
crimes but in an upbeat tone so people
don't realize oh yeah like that oh man
there there are there's some music that
I like listen to as a kid I'm like yeah
no wonder my parents didn't want me
listen to this I don't understand what
is about oh yeah
metal gapi says hey how are you enjoying
the DJ FPV stuff actually Colin's been
playing around with it hit him up on
Twitter I think you can find his Twitter
handle in the credits of any video that
he helped do so like we've got one
coming up the the sub $100 3d printer
his Twitter should be in there dragon
boy studio says my first LAN show
requires that I donate or my first live
land show all right thank you thank you
very much thanks Tech in that is the
that is the standard way of things this
is the way first man showed donate
Sherwin says what the hell is on your
chin
what it's oh it's a pop phone I think
you know I think way oh pretty sure
that's not just this chain by the way
but you know all right
thanks Brendan thanks Arthur cabs a what
else we got here all right Justin says
are you guys gonna send Luc a decent
camera and mic for future wine shows no
he has a camera he just needs to find
the cable for it do you've lost a lot of
cables lately
you lost all your decided cables did you
find those oh my what sorry you
DisplayPort cables that you ordered to
the office
no they're just gone I've looked a
number of times but yeah I can't find
him last I heard I think weren't cable
no yeah I couldn't really find the cable
bins last time I was in there and all
the inventory guys were gone so I just
left
okay maybe thanks but I haven't there
for a while okay
here t asks a good question there's a
good question is it worth getting a
valve index as a monitor replacement
I've been wanting to do this for ages
that's a good answer
it's a good answer to a good question
we are still a couple of resolution
bumps away from that and then a couple
of comfort breakthroughs yeah away from
that yeah yeah
it's it's like the dream the pipe dream
at the time and dream now that that is
when you were looking at like dk1 were
insanely closer to it now than we were
yeah we're still probably almost just as
far away we're still a long way away
yeah
Jeff Jones says I know you touched on it
last week but is it wrong for you to
premium members to fast forward through
your sponsor spots I mean nothing no no
it's all up to you what's wrong or right
I can tell you that we make more on you
being a YouTube premium member than
pretty much any other way that you can
contribute other than subscribing to
floatplane oh cool yeah an OTT store.com
if you buy a shirt every month that
would be more than if your youtube
premium member but youtube premium is
definitely better than playing
subscription shirt every month yeah
twitch subscriber form contributor what
a shell we're getting up there I'm not
gonna correct you though it's not wrong
you're not wrong I'd be great we can't
really ask that of you guys though no
all right Chris says have a good weekend
boys I'm going out for a rip all right
sounds good just maintain your social
distancing all right all right
you're the only one allowed in the in
the in the ripping device yeah that's
right gotta be six feet apart well
that's it for me what's what's new with
you hey you wanted to talk about your
your your streaming set up for the
professor's last week and people
informed me that I was very rude and cut
you off I actually didn't mean to I was
just I was kind of tuned out because I
was trying to fix something to do with
the stream so I wasn't really listening
and it seemed like you were like started
apparently it seemed like you were
trying to start a conversation about it
and I just like moved on so why don't
you tell me about what you were doing I
did oh so were you just done like was
that it it was not done but someone from
the IT team of that school showed up in
the twitch chat and probably sent
roughly
I'm just gonna throw I guess and like a
hundred messages that very much felt
like a SWAT team trying to knock on my
door trying to get attention this is
this is short so from from this thing I
work in this department you need to talk
to me I need to communicate with you now
I can prove identity we've solved this
rule and that was like constantly being
posted in the twitch chat and then when
you raided my girlfriend stream
afterwards he went to there and kept
posted so I eventually had to be like
hey man you should probably deal with
this internally and not through twitch
chat and not talk to me because I'm just
trying to help them so yeah there's been
some some developments there it I'm not
gonna go way too far into it because I
probably shouldn't but it blows my mind
the lack of rising to the occasion that
has happened from certain departments at
certain companies or organizations at
this time okay that got real awkward
real fast
alright speaking of awkward I have a
poll for our viewers that I will be
posting I'm gonna hit floatplane first
so we'll get there results first guys go
ahead and submit your submit your votes
submit your votes in the poll okay I'm
gonna get these these polls in there
they're like this polls gonna be fire if
you know what I'm saying you know no I'm
saying my okay I got a no I just got a
no okay I'm gonna vote for you here we
go here we go I'm voting for you I'm
voting for you okay all right let's have
let's have a look at it let's have a
look at the results here actually they
want to pull up do you want to pull up
the results
sure screen share screen share your side
I don't have screen sharing setup oh my
goodness people are very passionate
about this the votes are pouring in
they're pouring in my friends we've only
got like 10,000 people watching I don't
think I've ever seen this high
engagement with a pole loops up at 39%
with I hate it when mummy and daddy make
me choose
31 percent followed by Linus oh I I said
I was gonna vote for you and I did but
then after I said that I read the I hate
it when mommy had me make me choose and
that's what I would have voted for if I
read that before I said I was gonna vote
for you
Wow we've got over 2,000 votes okay so
it's official I got to get rid of this
thing because you rock it you rock it
better you rock it better it's maybe
development is not done yet you work you
have the time now oh man yeah I suppose
although I have been appearing on camera
throughout the whole thing so it's not
like I just get to transform from like
fantastic to having one I was gonna
leave that part and the best part is
that the videos are going up completely
out of order so it's just gonna make no
sense for like weeks house how has
production been through this whole thing
oh it's been it's been frustrating and
tiring like I have to do most of my own
setup Yvonne's had to like film with me
she did a shockingly good job of the
vlog where we set up a hundred Bluetooth
speakers in our house though like I was
watching back I was like yeah sure I'd
hire it's alright yeah yeah yeah I'd
hang around with that chick you know
what I mean yeah anyway ya know it's
been we only got five done this week
when we were definitely aiming for you
know one per release day so six I do
have something that I like could film
tonight or on the weekend but I'm like
I'm tired cuz it's just it's taking a
toll on me doing all the setup all the
tear down all the hosting like the team
is doing their best they're there
supporting me as best they can remotely
but it's tough right
I just don't then sometimes I just don't
have all the materials I need like I I
needed a secondary camera for the stream
earlier today and I realized that the
Blackmagic Cinema Camera that I have is
SDI only and I don't have an SDI capture
card and then I needed a longer HDMI
cable I had to go tear that I was
literally embedded in one of my walls in
order to get the camera where I needed
it just like one thing
after another compared to the studio
which just has everything they're like
Within Reach
you know yeah so that's been frustrating
but I also think that it's the most fun
I've had in a long time because okay
yeah yeah yeah yeah I could totally see
that out of necessity like every video
that I work on has to be like just kind
of doing something crazy at home so it's
been really enjoyable that way if
nothing else yeah yeah I think as
horrible as all this stuff is and it is
horrible
the the opportunities to rise to
occasions are very fulfilling when you
can do them and theirs so they if you're
in a position where that's a possibility
it's kind of it's nice I like the
challenge yeah
exactly and and the audience is gonna
understand and recording this like it's
it's pretty obvious why what's happening
is happening so you don't get the like
what the heck reaction from the audience
you're probably getting more of an
appreciation reaction from the audience
people are pretty forgiving of the the
lapses in quality so far yep yeah so
like it's kind of it's something bad
hey you know what I think we talked
about this on a previous stream but I
don't think we ever actually showed it
so the the halo remastered whatever say
Master Chief collection I have that file
here I have that okay guys check check
this out okay so you're gonna you're
gonna see it on the stream so it's gonna
be a little bit delay I can't believe I
haven't been requesting this because
this was the most fun that I had playing
okay boost me in probably wait grenade
grenade for sure kids consoling Luke and
I decided to just kind of roll out one
evening I have no idea how to how to
control this media okay it's in OBS I
guess I might just
- gravis yeah agent we get the sort of
place you could play it in a media
player and they just captured I'm gonna
do that okay let's do that so we decided
to tackle the silent believe I have the
level where you storm the beach you have
to get down to the silent cartographer
in Halo one we weren't streaming or
anything
I wish we were streaming cuz that was
high larious I was actually amazed
explain capture that would have been the
best dream I've had in years if not ever
and I didn't stream it it would have
been my best dream ever for sure alright
so here we go here we go let's see if I
can find a couple a couple a couple of
these classic moments so you can't you
can't see this very easily eh okay so
hold on a second so here's where we're
trying to get through this door I gotta
mute that I gotta mute that so basically
what we're trying to do is we're trying
to get the Warthog all the way down to
the map room so you can see we actually
I think this one we blast it across the
chasm with a grenade Luke are you
looking at this one yet is this with the
rocket launcher with the grenade oh yeah
so we've got two warthogs here now
because our brilliant idea for how to
get the first one through was to ran it
from behind so what we're trying to do
right now is write this one without
knocking it down into the chasm here
because if we do it dies meanwhile that
one at the front is kind of glitched in
the door like for context I just kind of
started doing this pretty early on and
we kept on saying like like it's not
gonna work we're not gonna be able to
get it past this next point and then we
just kept being able to do it and we
ended up accomplishing the whole
freaking level and then back out again
which was kind of epic where's the heart
where did we where's the part where we
managed to get that one through the door
man if this took forever like it took
forever to get through this door as
section in particular took an extremely
long time I don't even remember how it
went through ultimately I think I got on
the other side
we killed the the Covenant on the other
side and I got on the other side and I
think we just shot under it with a
rocket and it popped the front end up
enough that it was able to get through
the door I think that's what happened
was that while I was driving it I think
so I think this might be this might be
the moment are you sure you can see my
marker I'm not sure it was a rocket
might have been a grenade as well so it
was a combination of ramming them
through using grenades and using the
rocket launcher I said I think you're
holding a rocket launcher here I think
this might be it let's see oh man it's
like completely glitched out it's just
like the dumbest segment of land show I
think we've ever done there it is there
it is look at this what even is that so
ridiculous ridiculous anyway the the the
best moment the best moment is
definitely the the drive thru drive
through or derp of silent silent
cartographer did we did we really drive
it all the way out yes I don't know if
we did did we did we drove it out or we
drove a different one out I don't
remember
we have three yeah we had three in there
that was why we were up exploring on the
surface at some point okay is there
looking for ya
yeah here it is here it is alright so
there we are map room
give it a try guys give it a try it was
the most fun that I had gaming for a
couple of hours in basically ages total
blast I don't know how we got it through
this one like that is very clearly too
small it's trying so far so dumb didn't
yeah there you go so we've got the
Warthog in the cutscene because I think
I spend the next little bit trying to
pull it up drive through yet
and then Luke gets in the in the hog I
think and then I try to activate it and
then jump into it at the same time
because I partially in it yeah something
like that here that seems about to go
her goal was to have a warthog in every
cutscene and we sort of did it yeah one
of them we triggered the cutscene a
little bit too early the warthog was
still there it just wasn't exactly where
we want it to be we were at the end we
were trying to get the warthog into the
Pelican yeah that was that was that was
too hard we couldn't get the timing
right we were like trying to drive it
towards it and then time it so that a
grenade would go off lifting up the
front end enough to drive it in we also
tried just like shooting it with a
rocket launcher just to kind of blast it
in there and we just we couldn't
couldn't get it to go if we had more
supplies it might have been easier but
we had like I think it was one rocket
and like two or three grenades
maybe yeah at one point in time I think
we only had one grenade because it kept
auto-saving as we were using more and
more consumables yeah and it just got
extremely tedious so so we stopped
having fun which is basically you know
the point where is kind of the point any
game you kind of stop playing it yeah so
I think you do the cinematic pretty soon
here yeah I think we were discussing
like how we wanted to do it for a while
yeah hold on there it is okay press e to
activate the silent cartographer here we
go here we go so yeah I think do I tell
you to get out and get in the gun oh
yeah there we go there we go
so I activated it and then got in so
you're like stuck in the world hello yes
oh well have a Big Mac and fries please
the cameras is like in the car so dumb
alright great great show today thank you
very much thanks guys for tuning in
we'll see you again next week
same bat-time same bat-channel bye now
for the next one right yeah yeah yeah
one more one more right we really have
to do another one
alright goodbye but
I have no major complaints anymore
because I am home now there's no way for
me no work for me to really go yeah this
whole this whole quarantine thing is
working out absolutely great for you I
am 100% certain that you are self
quarantined only fifty percent out of
concern for the virus the other 50
percent is definitely because you hated
going out anywhere anyway yeah I will
say one thing I'm actually quite sad
because of the timing because I was
really I used to do this thing called
sports day and on a certain day of the
week myself and some friends would go to
a field and just play random sports and
I was like really excited to get that
going again never minded me to that are
we not friends oh that's a no I have
actually you have you have I was never
able to come I had very young children
at the time in my defense in my did you
might be able to now but now we can't go
outside yeah I would be super jazzed to
come to sports day now but that doesn't
seem to be I'm hoping that we can get
like one in this summer but anyways
we've got a great show for you guys
today Intel's 10th gen mobile processors
have been announced and they actually
look like they might give AMD a run for
their money if by give them a run for
their money we're talking raw
performance as opposed to efficiency
which is typically one of the ways that
we do in fact measure the performance of
a mobile processor in other news razor
releases a new blade 15 with a 300 Hertz
display ouch get eighty four hundred
megahertz ram ddr3 sorts oh you know
every one of those jokes in a while but
razor and all the other people that are
gonna have 300 Hertz displays ddr5 mass
production starts this year that'll be
in
interesting also Samsung anything really
that's all no no I want more I want more
I know this is the intro but you got to
give me more than that we we won't see
it for a while and its impact on Intel
side probably won't be that high all
right cool all right you can tell me the
same thing now the Samsung yeah Samsung
to cease all LCD production in 2020
Samsung display decide to end all of its
production of LCD panels in South Korea
and China by the end of this year they
announced on Tuesday wow that is crazy
huge actual yeah why is that rumor
because our sources like writers which
is generally not associated with rumor
mongering okay we're gonna have to get a
little bit of clarification on that one
unfortunately although all the writers
are contributing kind of their top
stories to the doc these days and
whoever contributed that one didn't mark
it so we're just gonna have to make some
wild guesses
I'm gonna guess James and I'm gonna
guess that it's time to roll that intro
they can hear us I think I'm not sure if
they can hear the intro wait we did a
test can they hear the intro music yeah
okay cool is it is it super louder as it
is it okay this week it was oh no one's
screaming yet so well that's a good sign
and the show was brought to you today by
backplanes
honey and private Internet access whoo I
didn't see any of those coming up on
screen if you did they know they didn't
because I didn't copy the lower third
versions of the sponsor pictures so they
weren't there but I said them I said
them verbally and I'm pretty sure they
still have to pay us if I do that nice
so it should be fine that's a goal
that's the important part
mission accomplished yeah look the
videos are just a distraction okay
that's the shiny object I hold up the
keys and jangling the keys ltte store
calm that's the real play
yeah that video was so much fun to make
actually that was a total blast guys you
should have seen Luke's other takes
because it's possible that they were
worse yeah
they probably were yeah I actually don't
know if they were I think that might
have been the worst one I think they
might have intentionally taken the the
least believable take a bat see and guys
guys it was amazing so I actually
watched Riley coaching Luke like Riley
was Luke's acting coach for that shot
and he's like he's like he's showing him
how to do the cry right and it's like
he's like okay no no don't worry you
don't have to cry you just can you do
the cry for us Luke can you cry a little
bit I could try but I'm so bad as
everyone has seen and like he wanted me
to crunch over as if I got like hit in
the side and then just scrunch my face
as much as possible that was my like
guidance so I was supposed to just be
like making noise when he did the
because I told him I told him when we
were reviewing the script I was like
look Riley um that's not I don't think
that's gonna fly because he had it he
actually had a lot of more acting heavy
things written into the original script
so Colton was actually gonna be the
mastermind and I was just like upon in
his game and he had like all these
interactions so I guess and he had all
these interactions between me and Colton
like scripted out where he was gonna be
like oh I'm sorry I'm sorry for doing it
wrong and Colton was gonna like yell at
me it's ROG can't you get that through
your idiot head like it like it there
was a whole different dynamic to it and
I was like look here's the problem the
acting skill that you have to work with
here
may not be up to the standards that
you're accustomed to mr. Murdoch
and he's like no no this isn't that hard
and I'm like no no it's hard anyway so
when we were on the iteration where
where I'm like the jerk cuz I don't know
what it is but I have a really easy time
playing like a total jerk boss on camera
you know it's like it feels like I'm
barely even acting you know I just um
you know it's just all the things I want
to say I just let them out no no for
real though like I I really enjoy
playing the bad guy for whatever reason
I have way too much fun with it and when
I'm having fun it's just I just find it
really easy so we're on the iteration
where I'm just like the jerk who knows
absolutely nothing about computers
rather than being like a victim in all
of this and he shows me the the dialogue
for your interview and I'm like Luke
can't act
he can't cry you can't ask that of him
and he's like no no don't worry it's
easy all he has to do is and I'm like
okay maybe the way he did it was so
funny though that guy is so funny
yes areas it's much much funnier than I
am and I like i√≠ve tried to even explain
the lioness kept on just saying like I
told you so
I was trying to explain to Reilly like I
can't do this this is not my type of
acting I can act like upset or angry
you can handle anger pretty well yeah
like we've done some some skits and like
some just kind of goofy cringy stuff
like that where Luke has to act angry
and he can do it like a hundred pounds
on me I like sad or interested when I'm
not which is a bit of an issue when
you're reviewing things and like a few
other things I have troubles with yeah
yeah anger though anger Luke connect
angry and I can act like a jerk whenever
we whenever we've done skits for like
I'm supposed to be a jerk and he's
supposed to be mad about it it's like
people are like wow these guys can act
no not really
one-dimensional yeah all right why don't
we jump into our first topic for the day
you know let's go straight into Samsung
to be seizing all LCD production so this
is South Korean panel maker Samsung
display this is from Reuters comm has
decided to end all of its production of
LCD displays in South Korea and China by
the end of this year so just to clarify
this is samsung display which like LG
display is not the same thing as Samsung
Electronics Co Limited the company that
you would buy your fancy Galaxy
smartphone or even your Samsung branded
consumer TV from so samsung Display
makes panels that they then actually
sell to the separate company Samsung
Electronics Co Limited so that's how you
avoid a situation where Apple is suing
Samsung over copying the iPhone or
whatever and then Apple also needs to
buy display panels from Samsung those
are two separate companies actually they
will definitely continue to work
together one really important note here
too is that they're ceasing the
production of LCD they're not ceasing in
a production of screens or panels
they're just ceasing production of LCD
screens and panels they're they're
moving to OLED and stuff like that
they're moving on moving forward so one
thing that's a little bit confusing to
me is I I can't like I it drives me
crazy but I think part of this is just
like like a branding thing because
Samsung can you know because Samsung is
ceasing their production of LCDs but
they are going to keep manufacturing so
the investment for the next five years
will be focused on converting one of the
South Korean LCD lines into a facility
to mass-produce more
advanced quantum dot screens yeah
they're I think they're they're
legitimately I think part of this
announcement is a is a like marketing
ploy because they're like they're
different yeah they're new the thing is
that they're not the same so so right
now Samsung's entire Q LED lineup is
based on LCD panels with a quantum dot
layer that helps them be more efficient
and have a wider color gamut and all
those benefits that you get from quantum
dots but Samsung has it seems very
intentionally branded their Q LED
displays very similarly to OLED and very
separately from LCDs so what's not clear
to me right now though is when they say
and this is this is a quote from the
article when they say they were they're
gonna produce more advanced quantum dot
screens what they're not saying is
whether those are going to be quantum
dot screens with LCDs as the the
foundational technology or if those are
going to be the upcoming that I've heard
rumors of this I actually haven't looked
into it for a while so I don't know how
solid any of it is but the upcoming OLED
based quantum dot displays cuz there's a
little actual reason that you couldn't
use an OLED panel and quantum dot to
work with each other I just think no one
has done it yet don't quote me on any of
that though I just I was like up late
reading months ago and was looking into
that but so we just don't know what kind
of quantum dot displays Samsung's gonna
be working on over there whatever they
end up doing they're far from ending
display production oh yeah if anything
else they're just like retooling their
facility and moving forward the big
announcement here is really that they're
investing ten point seven two billion
dollars in their facilities and research
to convert their current LCD production
facilities to more advanced quantum dot
production facilities yeah whatever that
necessarily means in terms of what's
driving it behind it is slightly up in
the air right
in our notes oh good yeah good it wasn't
in that article but it must be one of
the other ones so the first iteration of
these Miller advanced quantum dot
screens yeah we'll use OLED displays and
quantum dot as a film they're expected
into the market in 2022 whoo
cool we're good yeah so they currently
run two LCD production lines at
factories in South Korea and two LCD
only factories in China last October
they suspended one of the LCD Korean
lines they have not yet decided on the
future operation of their factories in
China LG Display said earlier this year
that they're going to halt domestic
production of LCD TV panels by the end
of 2020 so it looks like basically
what's happened sorry
basically what's happened is the Chinese
LCD makers have come in flooded the
market with panels at lower prices and
it's no longer profitable to produce
LCDs the good news is that if your
Samsung and your LG you're used to
playing this game you're always trying
to get one step out ahead of the curve
so that's why for the last three four
five ten years you've been working on
refining OLED or you've been working on
micro LED and so by the time LCD gets
cheap and you know basically anyone can
buy a gigantic TV for a few hundred
dollars that's big enough to fill their
living room which is basically where
we're at they're gonna have something
that's newer and better and more
compelling in some meaningful way that
they can actually make a decent amount
of margin on yeah so I I for one am
super excited about micro LED getting to
a new level of affordability because the
performance is already amazing you
haven't done a trade show with us in a
while but micro LED displays have gotten
freaking nuts and you know I think where
TV manufacturers are up against a lot of
a lot of bottlenecks right now and by
bottlenecks I mean bottlenecks in the in
the ways that they can make the user
experience more enjoyable so for a long
time it was making your TV you know
possible to move around and making it
take up less space in your living room
right back when we went from CRTs - you
know plasmas or like the early LCDs I
mean early LCDs they didn't have an
image
the advantage over CRT right yeah they
were more expensive they were just they
were slimmer that was cool they weren't
they didn't weigh an obscene amount they
weren't like impossible to move you
could mount them up on a wall other cool
stuff like that so next up was the
resolution war so we went from you know
what is it
12 12 whatever by like 768 being an HD
TV up to you know you got 4k and even 8k
displays on the market all right
meanwhile you've got the size war
actually the size war probably came
before the resolution war they were
really pushing up sizes with like rear
projection and then with LCDs later once
those got more affordable then we've got
the resolution oh yeah then we got the
gimmicks in between you know your 3d
stereoscopic 3d which actually was a
very cool experience on the first
generation LG signature because ol Ed's
OLED pixels are actually fast enough
that you got really great separation and
I was actually kind of disappointed but
the next generation signature did away
with 3d because I own a couple of pretty
great 3d blu-rays and they looked I
think most people haven't had including
myself I believe you that you have this
experience but I think most people
haven't had a very positive like TV 3d
experience you have to have that clear
image separation and enough brightness
and in a dark room that OLED Wow
I think Taryn has that at his house so
if you could convince him to let you
come over for a movie night not right
now
alright now a thing but it is is I gave
him the glasses too he's got at least
two pairs of glasses for it so it's
worth it's worth trying it's really good
um so anyway you had you get mix in
there and then now we're up against a
problem because you can't you can't make
them any thinner right it's it's already
at the point where you can literally
mount a TV on your wall as wallpaper
okay if you if you're willing to spend
the money for it and even the ones that
you can't put on as wallpaper are good
enough you've reached the point where
more resolution is actually meaningless
going from 4k to 8k yeah
and in fact meanwhile so the the TV
manufacturers are pushing up the
resolution meanwhile NVIDIA is sitting
over there going like oh yeah we can
just use like AI upscaling to basically
change like increase the perceived
sharpness of the image in a way that
doesn't degrade it and that tech is
getting really good so it's integrated
into the new shield TV Jake's working on
a review right now and it'll take 1080p
content and upscale it to 4k it's like
it's looking it's looking pretty fine
pretty tight so okay that's totally
pointless and then the size of the
displays themselves has gotten to the
point where you can like the I'm not
gonna say the average family but I'm
gonna say the like American Dream family
okay so you got your minivan you got
your suburban house you know what I'm
talking about right they can afford a
sixty five to seventy seven inch TV
assuming that they're not buying any one
every year you know what I mean like if
you're upgrading your TV on a reasonable
cycle like every five years or something
like that you can any anyone you know
like the family can own a gigantic TV
like the kind of people used to assume
that you had to be a millionaire to own
it's that's not the case anymore and
it's to the point where you can't even
transport them there's like I think I
think there's like 65 if you find the
right Chinese panel you can get like 65
inch TVs this might be in US dollars to
be clear but for like 300 350 bucks
exactly I'm a $300 which is probably a
little higher now so probably close to
350 399 is like the target big
electronic purchase price it's like your
xbox your PlayStation your switch your
TV they're all around that price because
that's more digestible for that target
you were just talking yeah that's the
disposable that's the like this
disposable income magic number that's
why that's yeah like yeah every game
console basically like that's what you
know early disc mints cost you know many
disc players like that's the price point
everyone's going for for a reason but
they're at the point now where you can't
really okay we can HDR can get better
HDR can keep getting better but to a lot
of people that's not going to be as mean
full of an improvement and now that you
can get a 4k 120 Hertz TV like you
finally bought a TV after all these
years yes did you go with did you go
with the B or the C Series the the one
you recommend yeah it's like basically
it's amazing to call and I got it at the
perfect time because now we're my whole
my roommate my girlfriend and I are all
quarantined in the house and now we have
this sweet TV so it's actually worked
out really well have you gained on it
yet not much but a little bit yes so
it's nice we're at the point now where
you can get a 4k 120 Hertz OLED panel
for like you know pretty affordable and
it's got great HDR so so basically in
order to improve things you kind of got
to go big again
like I think that you could convince you
to upgrade if you could have like your
whole wall covered in TV for like the
same price as what you paid now hold on
though hold on we're talking on it now
we're talking with perfect black levels
right because that's what micro LED
offers it's perfect black just like OLED
so what you could effectively do is like
cover your wall with these panels and
then you could have like a configurable
TV so you can have it be like super
ultra panoramic for movies you could
have it be like huge for just like you
know video chatting you could have a
like live wall yeah a live I could be
like one of those you know the like the
the TV itself has this but the
chromecast version is way better when it
like play it puts random pictures on
screen exactly you had a live wall that
was kind of like that and you could have
like a moving I know it said moving
picture but you know what I mean
like like a still camera long-term shot
of like the hills of Switzerland or
something craziness like that that's
gonna be amazing
that's coming and I bet not far behind
it is gonna be like the built in eye
tracking technology so that as you walk
past it like it's like a window and cool
stuff like that it's absolutely coming
and I think that's really where they
have to go to incentivize anyone who's
buying a TV today to upgrade because I'm
at the point now where the one in my
living room which is basically identical
to
is like endgame I don't desire it was
like I don't do like anything else me
neither
it's fine one of the this is this is
small but I I haven't owned a TV I this
is the first TV that I have ever
purchased I traded for one I gave
someone some RAM and a CPU cooler
yeah and I got TV so this is a first TV
I've ever purchased and we plugged the
switch into the TV because my girlfriend
want to play Animal Crossing on the TV
and she grabbed the remote and pressed
the voice control button and said like
open Nintendo's switch or something and
I was like oh that's not gonna work you
have to tell it like what input to go
through and the TV was just like opening
Nintendo switch and just worked
immediately I was like that's pretty
good stuff is pretty cool yeah all right
let's move on to our next topic so yeah
they're seizing LCD production but it's
not a big deal because they're still
gonna make displays they're just gonna
be ones that they can actually make
margin on and that push push things
forward and micro LED is where I'm
really excited the good news is they've
got you know five years to eight years
while all the people that are still
rocking you know early generation LCDs
get through their upgrade cycle but I
don't I think at the enthusiast level
there's not going to be much to
incentivize people pass what we have now
all right let's talk about the 10th gen
mobile processor shall we yes this was
posted by Williams CLL on the forum and
we've basically got graphs of how much
better the new generation is compared to
a three-year-old processor the i7 7820
HK in games now the notes say that there
are graphs so hopefully I will find them
is that what this is did oh okay yeah
sure I guess
oh boy do I have oh and you're dead Luke
are you still there you don't see you
don't see the the screen oh oh hey look
at that yes I do can you uh shovel of it
a little bit to the right is there a way
for you to do that uh you know what no
don't worry about it don't worry about
it
good no no don't don't worry about it
it's good enough all right cool
so you want to scroll us down to those
performance graphs there yeah hey there
they are look at that okay so Intel
estimates that the gaming advantage
compared to a three-year-old laptop now
wait a second are they factoring in that
this new laptop is gonna have a better
GPU in it where's the wait what is the
three-year-old laptop they're comparing
against now just just a just a gosh darn
moment here okay usually Intel is pretty
good about having like the configuration
of the systems that they're using listed
somewhere at the bottom of these claims
you know with all the little asterisks
and stuff I don't see it yeah I don't
see anything oh wait maybe on the 10th
gen core mobile processors slide no I
don't see the specs here all right well
at any rate there's the lineup so at the
top end you've got the ten nine eight eh
k that is an overclockable chip although
good freaking luck
that's base clock 2.4 max single core
turbo of 5.3 that is pretty nuts then
you've got the i7 10 8 7 5 H oh yeah
that is an 8 core 16 thread processor
this next one down is also 45 watts also
eight core 16 thread and it perturb O's
up to 5.1 with a base clock of 2.3
moving right on down we've got a couple
of 6 cores I think that 10 850 H could
be a really interesting one so that's 6
cores 45 Watts 5.1 maximum single core
turbo that one's pretty interesting to
me that 2.7 gigahertz all core boost all
core yeah base alright that 2.7 base is
pretty nice and then you move down into
we've got another 6 core that's also an
i7 and the I fives are both quad core
eight thread but these are all 45 watt
TDP processors which basically tells us
right out of the gate that the compete
level with hamdi's fourth gen rise in
mobile is chair
it's good this is gonna be tough this is
gonna be an uphill battle and yeah
they've got fancy slides in here talking
about up to 54% more FPS versus a 3-year
old PC but like if you are conveniently
leaving out and conveniently comparing
to a three year old PC versus a two year
old one because the two year old one
would be equipped with a very similar
graphics card like you're if you're
ignoring the graphics card upgrades that
have taken place over the last couple of
years you are really reaching it's a
question I have for you yes is in the in
the time of this kovat stuff and there's
there's stuff going around that this
might last a couple or a few more months
or who knows laptop purchase and
investment what do you think huh is when
I saw this I'm like okay so they're
they're launching a new mobile processor
but I wonder what the what the market
for mobile stuff is gonna be I could
kind of see arguments potentially for
both a higher interest in buying
something mobile and a lower interest in
buying something mobile you now have
more people with the prospect of
potentially working from home you can
get kind of nicer experiences for
working from home out of a desktop that
being said if you need to invest in a
computer investing a computer that you
can take back to work or back to school
or whatever else when those
organizations open up again might be
kind of the play let's say I really in a
minute because I just checked the notes
and yes in fact the comparable system
that they're comparing against the
three-year-old laptop has a gtx 1080 and
the new one has an RT x 2080 and the
source for that information is Alex one
Alex Clark from Linus tech tips it's a
YouTube channel you might have heard of
on a conference call with Intel about
these processors so that seems like a
pretty good pretty good source that's
pretty silly data then ouch so he's got
some speculation in here will these be
able to beat the new Rison 9 he says
this is a guess in all caps
probably in performance he's probably
right but it'll take a huge laptop with
much more cooling and this is also a
guest but probably a correct guess so
there's loads of new premium laptops
coming out with these so we'll be
interested to see if if if they hold up
you can expect reviews for sure all
right
let's change gears and let's talk about
weather now is the right time to buy a
laptop or a desktop after this message
from our sponsors Backblaze yeah I got
them got a full Backblaze is an
unlimited cloud backup for Macs and PCs
for just six dollars a month
they've got over 35 billion files
restored you can backup Doc's music
photos videos drawings projects all the
data basically that's what it says that
is in my talking points all the data you
can restore files from anywhere download
them directly on the web or you can
restore by mail so if you do it by mail
they will actually overnight FedEx you a
hard drive full of your data you can
offload everything send it back to them
and they will refund you for the drive
cool stuff right no long keep cost
structure and I believe this was I
thought this was Backblaze one second
thought I saw news about this yes March
23rd 2020 Backblaze reached one exabyte
of data nerds nerds so for a
fully-featured 15-day free trial go to
Backblaze dot-com slash man
it's not that I'm salty because I have I
have not as much it's not a measuring
contest okay it's just that they're
nerds so go play with it and start
protecting yourself from potential bad
times the show is also brought to you by
honey why don't you have honey yet look
I'm ignoring my talking points this is
very straightforward you installed the
honey browser extension in your web
browser and then you shop like you would
normally shop and then it just pops up
and it's like hey you missed this coupon
code I saved you some money that's it
it's free honey makes money from the
retailers not from you that's where they
get their Commission it is free to use
it installs in just two clicks and it
saves you money that's bad
the pitch so go to join honey calm slash
Linus I'm gonna got that linked right
there and join honey just join it just
be one with the honey it's sweet get it
you got it
the show is also brought I was gonna say
my biggest thing with honey is whether
it saves you money or not and it saved
me money a number of times but it's the
peace of mind of knowing that I've done
the work you got that I was legitimately
one of those people that would hunt down
coupon codes online before YouTube and
now I just press the button it tries
them all and if they all fail I'm like
well that's right I really yeah I really
like the price history feature on Amazon
in particular so knowing if even if I'm
getting the best deal now knowing if
it's actually a good deal it's pretty
sweet yeah
the show is also brought to you by
private Internet access what's in your
online security toolkit not PIAA well
then get PIAA adding a VPN lets you mask
your IP and it encrypts traffic to and
from your devices p IA has reliable
service with over 3300 servers in 30
countries and they now feature wire
guard which is in a beta state but
they've got wire guard now there's no
bandwidth caps and you can configure
your encryption and you can set up your
internet kill switch so it's not going
to allow any data through if your VPN
becomes disconnected for whatever reason
so just get it when combined with
private browsing it can even make
websites think you're in a different
country it's risk for you to try with
their 30-day money-back guarantee and
you can connect up to five devices at
once with clients for Windows Mac OS
Android iOS and Linux so think about it
no matter how diverse your your group of
you know tech nerd friends is you could
all install p IA and i'm not gonna say
that you could do it all of you on one
device each with one account but you
could I love that PIAA just like doesn't
even look at these spots that we do for
them whatever the point is get pi/8 it's
it's affordable LM GGG / p IA when all
right now I really want to talk about
that thing that you were gonna talk
about desktop or laptop because the
other thing I want you to go first
though hit me
I I kind of always vote this way by I
think yeah your Byam yeah just try again
I'm pretty into desktops I think now
would be the time to go in for a desktop
you think so yeah you know what man it's
tough okay you stuck at home if you if
you never built a computer before you
you probably have time for projects
whether or not you're able to fit in
building a computer in that project I
don't know but you probably have time
for projects you could dive into
building a computer now there's a bunch
of nerds also stuck at home and I'm
gonna help you you have a phone you
would be able to show a like video of
you could do a video call with someone
and show like most people are for work
and staff these days and show them
exactly what's going on and get it fixed
no problem sure there's gonna be no
issue there and then you'll have the
premium experience during the duration
of the quarantine yeah I think that's
pretty cool I think that's fair you're
leaning a little bit to your right there
sorry but then I can also fully
understand the argument of like I need
to get a computer for the home but I
won't really use it in my home once
quarantine stuff is over and having one
that you could take with you to your
work or to your school or wherever you
need to go so that's why I'm torn
because on the one hand it is a great
time to build a desktop so we did a we
did a machine on live stream earlier
today actually I built a machine that
let me just check the the specs of it
but it was late hundred bucks $800 they
accidentally the RGB one was actually
not included in the $800 oops
so that was my bad but hold on let me
just have a look here either way that's
a few a few bucks at her and you don't
have to buy that one if you don't want
so reisen 530 600 X that is a six core
processor with great performance that is
basically as high as you need to go to
play any game on the market with any
graphics card I mean you can go higher
if you want and then you can you know
video and code for days or whatever but
that is a great chip decent asrock be
for 50 board that supports everything
you need as long as you're not trying to
run SLI or like
you know fancy ten gigabit per second
front panel USB or anything like that
it's got it's got everything you really
need it's got 16 gigs of RAM I think we
put two sticks of these eight gig ddr4
3200 s in there
512 gig m2 SSD the our TX 2060 ko so
that's the cool one that's using the
same GPU as the 2070 and so has a bit
better performance in compute
applications decent case 500 watt 80
plus gold EVGA power supply that is a
good system yeah
hundred dollars you could monitor
keyboard and mouse and you are ready to
go for under a grand so that's fantastic
because the reality of it is I don't
know what it is but somehow laptops just
seem to slow down over time don't they
there's nothing scientific that I can
find to back up to back it up but like
they just they were fast and then they
feel slow I don't I don't get it and
they just they seem to die faster like
that's been my experience with it
generally die faster yeah I mean my
girlfriend is still using my old 2600 K
GTX 780 setup oh there's no way you're
running a laptop from that era and
having a good no periods no and it's and
her experience is totally fine okay
but let me give you the counterpoint to
that argument okay let me just see I
didn't need to check pricing on this one
real quick here we also did a video this
week on the Zephyrus g14 let me just see
if that one is is up yet rise in sevens
second gen yeah no it looks like it
looks like that particular model is not
up on Newegg yet unfortunately but
that's a laptop with a solid solid
graphics card in it basically desktop
level gaming performance out of the CPU
laptops have also come a long way in
terms so here how long so RT X 2060 it's
got the horizon 9 4900 HS which is just
an unbelievable chip eight course 16
threads it turbos up to four point three
gigahertz which on AMD's architecture is
awesome 512 gigs of storage 14
and display you can get a high refresh
rate one so you can get a 120 Hertz
display for what is more money yes that
is a great experience
and if you hooked it up to an external
monitor and you're willing to live that
dongle life when you when you sit with
it at your desk there is so much
high-speed IO on a laptop these days
that you can do basically whatever you
want to do I streamed when show last
week it wasn't pleasant because I didn't
have the ergonomics sorted out but I
streamed when show last week with
multiple sources off of an ultrabook
yeah and that was one that was only a
six core and it was an Intel one that's
not as powerful as this new risin
processor which is an 8 core and you can
get in like a slim laptop there's
something to be said for being able to
take the performance with you yes it's
less on the go and be able to use the
same machine both at work and at home
absolutely an in terms of dongle
expansion you could even just go with
one of the like Amazon basics desktop
USB 3 extent not extension expansion I
don't know but it like powers itself
through the wall so it's able to deliver
full power to all the USB ports it's
it's actually really nice and it's like
30 bucks or something and then you don't
actually really have to deal with all
these short kind of dangly annoying
dongles because you can place that
wherever you want and I just yeah sorry
I I think yeah if you have a very strong
argument for the mobility of the
computer down the line when we're out of
quarantine that's its own thing I just
think right now is especially a strong
argument for building a desktop I I
don't think you're wrong I mean the
desktop is gonna be more upgradable in
the long term it's just that we also
happen to be going through a big leap
forward in performance your notebooks at
this very moment right now so it's just
that's a good time to good time to get a
computer you know you know I'm talking
alright when all those crazy amount of
people that have started playing
computer games the the stats out of like
Steam and twitch and all this kind of
stuff is crazy over the last
even I got a streaming setup I want to
nano this weekend
I've got like the key lights and
everything like you you can't see it I
look pretty crappy on your feet just
because I'm I've got a webcam at about
10 FPS I'm moving my head back and forth
and Luke's feed looks hilariously bad
but I've got a DSLR that I'm using for
the land show it actually looks in my
opinion quite quite crisp I can see it
on I have the twitch and flow plane in
YouTube streams oh come on my desktop at
home desktop it wouldn't matter so you
can plug monitors into a laptop whatever
look don't worry about it but but I have
lots of monitor space so I'm just put
everything everywhere as great you know
what that's another thing too is like
laptop i/o has come a long way I talk a
lot about how great Thunderbolt is but
you don't even need Thunderbolt like a
USB 10 gigabit per second 10 gigabit per
second that is a lot of data you could
have a couple of capture cards running
off of a single one of those ports no
problem at all so yeah something be said
both ways yeah on the subject of laptops
this was one of Colin's suggestions for
topics today Razer released a new blade
15 with a 300 Hertz display so that's
kinda nice full HD or you can get an
OLED 4k touchscreen if you prefer that
it's got HDR 400 certification on the
OLED panel then HDR and laptops we
needed OLED to come for that to happen
just because you can't do it on an LCD
without full array local dimming and you
have a laptop that's like this thick I
don't want to be I don't want to be
boring but all of this is like I don't
know 300 Hertz on a laptop or 4k on a
laptop are both things nicely are you
just salty because you don't have it
they're both things I would definitely
not invest my money in okay 4k on a
laptop I'm with you a hundred percent
makes no sense 1440p should have been
the laptop resolution five years ago and
it should still be the laptop resolution
today there is no reason to be pushing
those extra pixels on a 14-inch 15 inch
device it makes no sense as for 300
Hertz
I'm not it's not the worst thing I just
don't want spend my money on it so I was
surprised when we did the test with Cory
shroud and and with Grimm's I was
surprised because I always thought going
from 60 to 120 was night and day and
then past there it was kind of like
point of diminishing returns but the
amount of improvement that we saw once
we were measuring it empirically from
those guys even going up to 240 Hertz
was noticeable so I would be interested
to see do they actually get another
maybe it's just 10% maybe it's just 8%
better but when you're talking
competitive gaming I would take 8% any
day of the week I just I'll do anything
I can get because I suck but that's a
whole no oh dude I refuse to timbre no
longer on speaking terms so this is
gonna be a really awkward rest of the
wine show yeah I just like how much
you're talking really high in
competitive gaming I don't know how much
of that happens on a laptop I'm sure
some does I know people that have been
super super into gaming that played on a
laptop but like that being there their
main system seems like maybe a little
bit of a stretch to me personally but I
don't know it's cool to have those
options for people I guess it's just
very notably not for me if I want to
really try hard at a game I'll sit down
in the desktop you're really showing off
your your Corona beard here I never told
Luke that I wouldn't talk to you guys so
I'm talk on the show just not to him
I've got another great topic to tell you
guys about here so eighty four hundred
megahertz ram is now coming ddr5 mass
production starts this year so we began
the transition from ddr3 to DDR
or six years ago wrap your brain around
that six years ago the transition began
and now memory suppliers are finally
laying the groundwork for the leap from
ddr4 to ddr5 now ddr4 has gotten better
it's gotten faster the latencies have
gotten better that it has definitely
been refined in that time but we have
not had a generational leap forward in
quite some time ladies and gentlemen so
thanks so much sense I asked so before a
graphics card in some RAM and I was able
to hook him up and I asked him like do
you need ddr3 of ddr4 and he kind of
paused for a second as in like what do
you even mean and then it was like ddr4
and I was like well I don't know but
yeah I guess no one really needs that SK
Hynix is claiming that ddr5 will
ultimately offer twice the been but
currently available with ddr4 modules so
the current ddr4 modules top out well
the J decks certified ones top out at
thirty two hundred megahertz although
you can definitely get ones that go
faster oh so there'll be a 50% boost in
bandwidth meaning that ddr5 4800 should
become in place but speeds will ramp up
from there and they claim they'll reach
up to DDR 580 400 megahertz in the
future modules are operated I will
operate at just one point one volt
versus one point two volts there'll be
Ondi error correction for more reliable
technology node scaling by correcting
single bit errors internally that's
pretty sweet
thirty-two Bank structure an upgrade
from ddr4 sixteen banks for perfor Bank
Group's or if it's just for error
correcting memory or if that's for
everything first length of 16 versus
eight for ddr4 ddr5 will offer a wide
range of density based on gigabit and
even 24 gigabit monolithic dies in order
to meet the needs of cloud service
customers really 24 gigabit dies ha
that's a the first time I think I've
seen like an oddball an oddball die
sized like that mass production will be
later this year cool sorry can you guys
hear something
I really thought you're gonna fight I'm
over it I'm back I'm back err I forgive
you for claiming to you that a gaming he
is so much better than me that to hear
him say that he's bad is basically a
direct insult to me because it means
this I must be gutter trash but this
whole debate isn't fair either because
you just never play games so once you
play a game long enough you're really
good at it
no no yes I would we've proven this a
number of tonight raw skills are just
not enough not enough to compete I'm
afraid my job pretty sure he played
three matches of pub G when he had never
touched the game ever before and we won
two out of our first three yeah but I
didn't do anything we're playing yes
you're good I didn't do much I don't
remember what the names of the guns are
in that game because I haven't played
for in forever but he had one of the
lower damage snipers and he would always
tag people before engages at least once
or twice and then we were able to just
clean them up that's super valuable you
just didn't get the killing blows yeah I
didn't I don't think I got any kills so
yeah there's that it's fine it's a
support role support role yeah that's
another way of saying that I'm not good
enough to play in the frontline I'm
definitely better than you at beat Sabre
though so I'm uh I'm Jay I'm taking that
to the bank
I've been I've been playing so much I've
like gotten a lot better too I don't
think I'd ever be able to properly
compete with you because I don't have
the that type of wrist movement it's not
exactly my forte I was showing Yvonne
yeah you're more into sorry I was
showing Yvonne like how I moved my
wrists for beat Sabre I was like yeah
it's got a you're showing Yvonne how you
move your wrists oh yeah you got a
protein right you got a pronate and
instead of kind of slicing like this you
know instead of being like this
you got a slice through like this and
she was like oh and then we actually got
from there into working on her badminton
swing cuz I was like yeah it should be
just like your badminton swing and she's
like yeah I'm swinging just like my
badminton sorry I'm like oh well then
you've adn't in swings wrong we got
that unfortunately we can't go anywhere
and play because all the gyms are closed
so that that blows but I'm looking
forward to getting back into it my weird
little ball thing has shipped now to
like hit against the wall and practice
what's the ETA
there is no ETA it's shipped via like
economy because I wasn't willing to pay
$12 or whatever okay all right let's
talk about this kind of a big topic
CloudFlare is now offering filtering for
pornography and malware so this was
posted by tetris guy on the forum and if
you're not familiar CloudFlare has their
one dot DNS so one dot one dot one dot
one and they are launching a new product
which is 1.1 1.1 for families offering
all the good stuff about 1.1 to 101
which is faster DNS queries but now with
filtering for malware and adult content
so if you use one dot one dot one dot
two that'll block malware that they're
aware of I mean obviously won't catch
everything and if you do 1.1 1.3 it will
block malware and adult content should
we try it live on stream no you don't
want to you attempted you're tempted
you're a little I mean I'm very
interested I'm honestly more interested
because I don't really care about the
other one I'm more interested in the
malware how they decide something's
malware yeah I'm interested in to how
they decide what adult content is
because is it just pornography like are
we are we opening up the Pandora's box
of Internet filtrate reddit here and I
doubt it I'm sure read it is permitted
I doubt it too but like is this tumblr
banned probably not anymore because I
guess they did away with that so here's
how it works in the coming months
they'll be launching options to create
whitelists and blacklists of certain
sites and you'll be able to set the
times of day when categories such as
social media are blocked and you'll be
able to get reports on your households
internet usage so this is intended to be
something that
much like there was a product from a
shoot I think it was the BitDefender box
yeah there was a product from
BitDefender that I showed that you can
basically install as your router or in
between your router and your and your
broader internet connection that would
do this kind of filtration and reporting
but this is pretty much just being able
to do it through your routers DNS
settings which is very very interesting
it uses the same site categorization and
filtering technology that powers
CloudFlare is a gateway product and I'm
not that familiar with it are you know
ok well that's unfortunate I mean you
look at they have a lot of difference as
a parent man I could see myself using
this like just yeah kids are always
gonna be able to get through stuff but
making it a little more difficult like
making it a little less convenient not
necessarily a bad thing yeah I don't
know what Gateway is I mean I could see
putting the I could see just using the
malware blocker at the office like you
never know if someone's gonna just derp
and like accidentally infect the whole
place yeah that that could be helpful
for some things someone in twitch chat
said eh apparently the filter as with
other filters other similar filters in
the past it has issues with LGBT content
yep inappropriately flagging it so
that's interesting
something to maybe pay attention to I
don't know it's it's when it's not
manually done it's interesting what it's
gonna catch yeah and what it's not gonna
catch powered by lava lamps or whatever
yeah it is very cool and stuff yeah yeah
all right we gotta kind of level amps or
we're deciding I I'm in I'm done all
right do you want to fire up the Ltd
store calm cuz we got a pretty pretty
cool update I'll just go ahead and
screen share that so guys you can join
the folding team now with your shirt
we've got a folding shirt so the profits
from this one not the proceeds we do
need to cover the actual cost of the
shirts and printing and all that but the
profits from these are going to go
directly to folding at-home efforts
we're not a hundred percent sure what
form they're going to take yet it's
possible that we will be keeping our
folding farm our folding farm excuse me
our sari kovat efforts oh ok they're
going towards kovat efforts so it's
possible that we're gonna keep our 3d
printing faceshield farm running and
actually hire one of Colin's Maker
buddies to run that so we could we could
cover some of the costs of running that
whether it's filament or a salary for
someone to keep that running for as long
as operation shields up needs more face
shields we might end up donating it
directly whether it's to Cove it or
folding at home research but basically
the commitment from our side is all the
profits from the shirts are going to
fund efforts around kovat 19 research
and relief in Canada and this is pretty
cool each dollar raised will be matched
towards folding at home directly by
Intel up to a maximum of forty thousand
US dollars that's awesome thank you in
tow yeah so guys this item is sold as a
pre-order all the shirts will be printed
and shipped within three weeks orders
including this shirt by the way if you
order other stuff with it will not be
shipped until the shirt is printed so
that we don't get billed for shipping
twice but yeah this is just a cool way
to wrap folding at home wrap the LTTE
folding team oh yeah I didn't show you
guys this but the back I didn't see ya
there's a QR there's a QR code on the
back No so if you scan it it will
actually take you to extreme
overclocking to the Linus tech tips team
stats page that's pretty cool
just like you know little little nerdy
things right yeah I know I like that
that's cool I just actually want to have
a look at our stats guys if you haven't
joined the Linus tech tips folding team
yet come on guys get get on this because
we
are currently absolutely crushing it so
in the last hour 24-hour average is four
billion points which is over
one-and-a-half billion more than the
default non configured team let's see
and then after that it falls off pretty
sharply with everyone else under a
billion so yeah we're kind of we're kind
of crushing it so keep it up guys
we've got over 50,000 active folders
right now and we're looking to we're
looking to move up the ranks here would
be nice to move up the ranks so let's
let's do it oh yes yes very funny okay
yes we do also have another merch item
that is that is very hot very fresh you
know very very funny very funny joke
hashtag ly nos Nick insisted that we do
just like a simple black shirt with
white text you know like I said the word
type of thing if you guys this will be a
limited this will be a limited run shirt
we're never gonna bring this back again
for sure it's like one of those haha
very funny joke I remember that I got
the shirt but this is not the kind of
thing that we're gonna have around
forever although if if painted me to say
this if LTX goes ahead this year I
suspect that showing up in one of those
would be pretty much the cool kids move
I was literally thinking like the
probably one of the better ways to troll
you would be wearing one of those and
like getting a picture or something
giving you to sign it as a signature of
authenticity yeah hashtag lightness
there's other good store news
the stealth hoodies that we paid $12
shipped per per unit those are in stuck
in hell and we have not altered the
pricing so we're just absorbing that $12
so guys get it stealth hoodie the
classic $59.99 USD alright that's that's
it for all that stuff and actually I
don't know if I have anything uh I don't
know if I have anything else in here
that's like worth talking about YouTube
is reportedly working on shorts to
compete
tik-tok I mean if it's anywhere near as
bad as their stories feature then I
doubt it'll compete that much but the
stories gets a lot of views I can tell
you a lot of people look at them they
just need to they just need to improve
the app a little bit because it's real
it's real clunky yeah I think one of
YouTube's issues is going to be
notifications and delivery just like it
is with stories to a certain degree with
everything that they've tried to do
other than just kind of like vaad it
feel it has the like this site wasn't
made for this yeah feel and like where
do you put it I have what know how to
Gloria does it even go under how do you
make people care when someone shows up
to the homepage how do you decide like
oh yeah this person definitely wanted to
see a short instead of a proper normal
YouTube video they'd almost need like I
can wonder if to a certain at a certain
point if like a separate app would
almost make more sense for these types
of things I don't think so I think they
have to find a way to bring it all under
the YouTube umbrella for better or for
worse because here's the thing yeah but
they have YouTube music they do but
that's not that's just music that's just
them trying to like use the licensing
for music that they already have for
YouTube to make a you know to have an
easier approach to like music streaming
I think as far as I can tell I don't
know why Google Play Music is going away
and YouTube music is replacing it
because there's a branding thing it may
it makes no sense to me whatsoever so
Google Play Music is like nice and easy
to use and YouTube music is not so yeah
there's that good old Google just doing
Google things I mean here's the thing
too is you and I might be looking at
this tik tok clone or the store stories
and not really able to understand it
because we aren't the target audience
but I can tell you that when I'm on top
of my YouTube stories my subscription
rate for the channel goes up stories are
being fed to people who are otherwise
not engaged with the content it's a
totally different audience member in a
lot of cases and they can be a gateway
to get people into the full-fledged
techy content that we upload like our
longer form stuff so there does appear
to be a value to it it's just something
that I don't really understand that well
because I'm not I'm not personally a
member of that audience yeah make sense
I think that's pretty much it for the
show this week it's kind of a couple
chats maybe ah okay
logan game says hey you alrighty then
Robert Mills says put this five dollar
super chat a couple minutes after we go
live TGI Friday did you hear about zoom
security being poor as all heck yeah
yeah we did that was uh that was one of
our top stories in tech linked on
Wednesday when I filmed it shot that in
my front yard because I have a new
neighbor who just like is always
blasting music in their backyards my
backyard just always has music coming
over the fence and it's like it's not
like classical music you know it's like
annoying music and some lyrics are
explicit it's like really oh we get a
clue like just you're in a family
neighborhood maybe calm down a little
bit yeah
like just just get a clue it's just not
necessary and like it's not if they were
just listening to it like just loud
enough for them to hear that would be
fine but I'm not that close and it's
loud like if I open my bedroom window I
can listen to their music like it's
really annoying
I love twitch chat you're talking about
this like loud music explicit lyrics and
stuff and somebody in chat just in all
caps Vengaboys taking place you had no I
don't think so twitch chat is just like
so so brutal and like dumb sometimes
it's like this is shadows trying to
throw you a bone but he's kind of right
I'm just like there's there's one person
I'm not even gonna name them they're
like aka
black rap that is nothing but vulgarity
let me tell you I've heard some white
rap that is nothing but vulgarity and
I've I've heard some some other colors
of rap that are pretty colorful too
I heard not rap that's quite colorful
it's pretty vulgar yeah yeah let's not
pretend that that's what this is about
there's plenty of rock music that like
is directly about committing heinous
crimes but in an upbeat tone so people
don't realize oh yeah like that oh man
there there are there's some music that
I like listen to as a kid I'm like yeah
no wonder my parents didn't want me
listen to this I don't understand what
is about oh yeah
metal gapi says hey how are you enjoying
the DJ FPV stuff actually Colin's been
playing around with it hit him up on
Twitter I think you can find his Twitter
handle in the credits of any video that
he helped do so like we've got one
coming up the the sub $100 3d printer
his Twitter should be in there dragon
boy studio says my first LAN show
requires that I donate or my first live
land show all right thank you thank you
very much thanks Tech in that is the
that is the standard way of things this
is the way first man showed donate
Sherwin says what the hell is on your
chin
what it's oh it's a pop phone I think
you know I think way oh pretty sure
that's not just this chain by the way
but you know all right
thanks Brendan thanks Arthur cabs a what
else we got here all right Justin says
are you guys gonna send Luc a decent
camera and mic for future wine shows no
he has a camera he just needs to find
the cable for it do you've lost a lot of
cables lately
you lost all your decided cables did you
find those oh my what sorry you
DisplayPort cables that you ordered to
the office
no they're just gone I've looked a
number of times but yeah I can't find
him last I heard I think weren't cable
no yeah I couldn't really find the cable
bins last time I was in there and all
the inventory guys were gone so I just
left
okay maybe thanks but I haven't there
for a while okay
here t asks a good question there's a
good question is it worth getting a
valve index as a monitor replacement
I've been wanting to do this for ages
that's a good answer
it's a good answer to a good question
we are still a couple of resolution
bumps away from that and then a couple
of comfort breakthroughs yeah away from
that yeah yeah
it's it's like the dream the pipe dream
at the time and dream now that that is
when you were looking at like dk1 were
insanely closer to it now than we were
yeah we're still probably almost just as
far away we're still a long way away
yeah
Jeff Jones says I know you touched on it
last week but is it wrong for you to
premium members to fast forward through
your sponsor spots I mean nothing no no
it's all up to you what's wrong or right
I can tell you that we make more on you
being a YouTube premium member than
pretty much any other way that you can
contribute other than subscribing to
floatplane oh cool yeah an OTT store.com
if you buy a shirt every month that
would be more than if your youtube
premium member but youtube premium is
definitely better than playing
subscription shirt every month yeah
twitch subscriber form contributor what
a shell we're getting up there I'm not
gonna correct you though it's not wrong
you're not wrong I'd be great we can't
really ask that of you guys though no
all right Chris says have a good weekend
boys I'm going out for a rip all right
sounds good just maintain your social
distancing all right all right
you're the only one allowed in the in
the in the ripping device yeah that's
right gotta be six feet apart well
that's it for me what's what's new with
you hey you wanted to talk about your
your your streaming set up for the
professor's last week and people
informed me that I was very rude and cut
you off I actually didn't mean to I was
just I was kind of tuned out because I
was trying to fix something to do with
the stream so I wasn't really listening
and it seemed like you were like started
apparently it seemed like you were
trying to start a conversation about it
and I just like moved on so why don't
you tell me about what you were doing I
did oh so were you just done like was
that it it was not done but someone from
the IT team of that school showed up in
the twitch chat and probably sent
roughly
I'm just gonna throw I guess and like a
hundred messages that very much felt
like a SWAT team trying to knock on my
door trying to get attention this is
this is short so from from this thing I
work in this department you need to talk
to me I need to communicate with you now
I can prove identity we've solved this
rule and that was like constantly being
posted in the twitch chat and then when
you raided my girlfriend stream
afterwards he went to there and kept
posted so I eventually had to be like
hey man you should probably deal with
this internally and not through twitch
chat and not talk to me because I'm just
trying to help them so yeah there's been
some some developments there it I'm not
gonna go way too far into it because I
probably shouldn't but it blows my mind
the lack of rising to the occasion that
has happened from certain departments at
certain companies or organizations at
this time okay that got real awkward
real fast
alright speaking of awkward I have a
poll for our viewers that I will be
posting I'm gonna hit floatplane first
so we'll get there results first guys go
ahead and submit your submit your votes
submit your votes in the poll okay I'm
gonna get these these polls in there
they're like this polls gonna be fire if
you know what I'm saying you know no I'm
saying my okay I got a no I just got a
no okay I'm gonna vote for you here we
go here we go I'm voting for you I'm
voting for you okay all right let's have
let's have a look at it let's have a
look at the results here actually they
want to pull up do you want to pull up
the results
sure screen share screen share your side
I don't have screen sharing setup oh my
goodness people are very passionate
about this the votes are pouring in
they're pouring in my friends we've only
got like 10,000 people watching I don't
think I've ever seen this high
engagement with a pole loops up at 39%
with I hate it when mummy and daddy make
me choose
31 percent followed by Linus oh I I said
I was gonna vote for you and I did but
then after I said that I read the I hate
it when mommy had me make me choose and
that's what I would have voted for if I
read that before I said I was gonna vote
for you
Wow we've got over 2,000 votes okay so
it's official I got to get rid of this
thing because you rock it you rock it
better you rock it better it's maybe
development is not done yet you work you
have the time now oh man yeah I suppose
although I have been appearing on camera
throughout the whole thing so it's not
like I just get to transform from like
fantastic to having one I was gonna
leave that part and the best part is
that the videos are going up completely
out of order so it's just gonna make no
sense for like weeks house how has
production been through this whole thing
oh it's been it's been frustrating and
tiring like I have to do most of my own
setup Yvonne's had to like film with me
she did a shockingly good job of the
vlog where we set up a hundred Bluetooth
speakers in our house though like I was
watching back I was like yeah sure I'd
hire it's alright yeah yeah yeah I'd
hang around with that chick you know
what I mean yeah anyway ya know it's
been we only got five done this week
when we were definitely aiming for you
know one per release day so six I do
have something that I like could film
tonight or on the weekend but I'm like
I'm tired cuz it's just it's taking a
toll on me doing all the setup all the
tear down all the hosting like the team
is doing their best they're there
supporting me as best they can remotely
but it's tough right
I just don't then sometimes I just don't
have all the materials I need like I I
needed a secondary camera for the stream
earlier today and I realized that the
Blackmagic Cinema Camera that I have is
SDI only and I don't have an SDI capture
card and then I needed a longer HDMI
cable I had to go tear that I was
literally embedded in one of my walls in
order to get the camera where I needed
it just like one thing
after another compared to the studio
which just has everything they're like
Within Reach
you know yeah so that's been frustrating
but I also think that it's the most fun
I've had in a long time because okay
yeah yeah yeah yeah I could totally see
that out of necessity like every video
that I work on has to be like just kind
of doing something crazy at home so it's
been really enjoyable that way if
nothing else yeah yeah I think as
horrible as all this stuff is and it is
horrible
the the opportunities to rise to
occasions are very fulfilling when you
can do them and theirs so they if you're
in a position where that's a possibility
it's kind of it's nice I like the
challenge yeah
exactly and and the audience is gonna
understand and recording this like it's
it's pretty obvious why what's happening
is happening so you don't get the like
what the heck reaction from the audience
you're probably getting more of an
appreciation reaction from the audience
people are pretty forgiving of the the
lapses in quality so far yep yeah so
like it's kind of it's something bad
hey you know what I think we talked
about this on a previous stream but I
don't think we ever actually showed it
so the the halo remastered whatever say
Master Chief collection I have that file
here I have that okay guys check check
this out okay so you're gonna you're
gonna see it on the stream so it's gonna
be a little bit delay I can't believe I
haven't been requesting this because
this was the most fun that I had playing
okay boost me in probably wait grenade
grenade for sure kids consoling Luke and
I decided to just kind of roll out one
evening I have no idea how to how to
control this media okay it's in OBS I
guess I might just
- gravis yeah agent we get the sort of
place you could play it in a media
player and they just captured I'm gonna
do that okay let's do that so we decided
to tackle the silent believe I have the
level where you storm the beach you have
to get down to the silent cartographer
in Halo one we weren't streaming or
anything
I wish we were streaming cuz that was
high larious I was actually amazed
explain capture that would have been the
best dream I've had in years if not ever
and I didn't stream it it would have
been my best dream ever for sure alright
so here we go here we go let's see if I
can find a couple a couple a couple of
these classic moments so you can't you
can't see this very easily eh okay so
hold on a second so here's where we're
trying to get through this door I gotta
mute that I gotta mute that so basically
what we're trying to do is we're trying
to get the Warthog all the way down to
the map room so you can see we actually
I think this one we blast it across the
chasm with a grenade Luke are you
looking at this one yet is this with the
rocket launcher with the grenade oh yeah
so we've got two warthogs here now
because our brilliant idea for how to
get the first one through was to ran it
from behind so what we're trying to do
right now is write this one without
knocking it down into the chasm here
because if we do it dies meanwhile that
one at the front is kind of glitched in
the door like for context I just kind of
started doing this pretty early on and
we kept on saying like like it's not
gonna work we're not gonna be able to
get it past this next point and then we
just kept being able to do it and we
ended up accomplishing the whole
freaking level and then back out again
which was kind of epic where's the heart
where did we where's the part where we
managed to get that one through the door
man if this took forever like it took
forever to get through this door as
section in particular took an extremely
long time I don't even remember how it
went through ultimately I think I got on
the other side
we killed the the Covenant on the other
side and I got on the other side and I
think we just shot under it with a
rocket and it popped the front end up
enough that it was able to get through
the door I think that's what happened
was that while I was driving it I think
so I think this might be this might be
the moment are you sure you can see my
marker I'm not sure it was a rocket
might have been a grenade as well so it
was a combination of ramming them
through using grenades and using the
rocket launcher I said I think you're
holding a rocket launcher here I think
this might be it let's see oh man it's
like completely glitched out it's just
like the dumbest segment of land show I
think we've ever done there it is there
it is look at this what even is that so
ridiculous ridiculous anyway the the the
best moment the best moment is
definitely the the drive thru drive
through or derp of silent silent
cartographer did we did we really drive
it all the way out yes I don't know if
we did did we did we drove it out or we
drove a different one out I don't
remember
we have three yeah we had three in there
that was why we were up exploring on the
surface at some point okay is there
looking for ya
yeah here it is here it is alright so
there we are map room
give it a try guys give it a try it was
the most fun that I had gaming for a
couple of hours in basically ages total
blast I don't know how we got it through
this one like that is very clearly too
small it's trying so far so dumb didn't
yeah there you go so we've got the
Warthog in the cutscene because I think
I spend the next little bit trying to
pull it up drive through yet
and then Luke gets in the in the hog I
think and then I try to activate it and
then jump into it at the same time
because I partially in it yeah something
like that here that seems about to go
her goal was to have a warthog in every
cutscene and we sort of did it yeah one
of them we triggered the cutscene a
little bit too early the warthog was
still there it just wasn't exactly where
we want it to be we were at the end we
were trying to get the warthog into the
Pelican yeah that was that was that was
too hard we couldn't get the timing
right we were like trying to drive it
towards it and then time it so that a
grenade would go off lifting up the
front end enough to drive it in we also
tried just like shooting it with a
rocket launcher just to kind of blast it
in there and we just we couldn't
couldn't get it to go if we had more
supplies it might have been easier but
we had like I think it was one rocket
and like two or three grenades
maybe yeah at one point in time I think
we only had one grenade because it kept
auto-saving as we were using more and
more consumables yeah and it just got
extremely tedious so so we stopped
having fun which is basically you know
the point where is kind of the point any
game you kind of stop playing it yeah so
I think you do the cinematic pretty soon
here yeah I think we were discussing
like how we wanted to do it for a while
yeah hold on there it is okay press e to
activate the silent cartographer here we
go here we go so yeah I think do I tell
you to get out and get in the gun oh
yeah there we go there we go
so I activated it and then got in so
you're like stuck in the world hello yes
oh well have a Big Mac and fries please
the cameras is like in the car so dumb
alright great great show today thank you
very much thanks guys for tuning in
we'll see you again next week
same bat-time same bat-channel bye now
for the next one right yeah yeah yeah
one more one more right we really have
to do another one
alright goodbye but
bit worse and then a little bit better
and then a little bit worse and today
I'm feeling a little bit better but
basically whether you subscribe to the
24 hours with no symptoms or 72 hours
with no symptoms I am not there so I
have not been able to go back to work so
that's fine because you know what
nobody's supposed to be at work so why
don't we all stay at home and build a
computer right a-and this dream is gonna
be brought to you by private Internet
access I think one second I forgot to
double check who my sponsor is for the
stream before I started it that's a
classic that that classic tech tips move
right there did I leave the stream
unlisted I certainly hope I didn't but
that would be exactly the sort of thing
that I would do yes sir I think I forgot
to change it to public on YouTube
because it hides that button if you
don't have it fullscreen yep there we go
oh well that's fine I haven't really
done anything yet anyway and the good
news is that when I open that up I was
able to see the YouTube video
description which did in fact confirm
that our sponsor for the video today is
private Internet access private Internet
access hides your true IP and keeps
anyone like your internet service
provider from snooping on what sites
you're visiting and what data you're
transferring to and from your devices
you can use it on up to five devices at
once with a single account and you can
try it for free so check it out at the
link in the video description alright I
should be all fixed I think we good nice
we're live everywhere now this is gonna
be a lot of fun guys so I haven't seen
all the parts that I'm going to be
working with today so why don't we run
through them together I've got my little
remote doodad in my pocket here yeah
check this out using my ancient iFixit
kit this thing has served me very very
well so for CPU we've gone with a risin
530 600 X this is intended to be kind of
like the seems auto focus on nothing oh
nice
got my webcam over here for my secondary
camera so this is intended to be kind of
like a value gaming machine the target
price point was $800 and is actually
Jake who put together the list of
components for us today some of them are
ones that you guys will be pretty
familiar with like the 3600 X this thing
really is a spectacular value and some
of them you'll probably be a little less
familiar with check this out
so for our SSD we've gone with the e X
920 m2 SSD from yes my friends the one
and only hewlett-packard apparently HP
has been getting into the value SSD game
so we'll be going with one of these
apparently these are like actually
pretty deeper formance it's only PCIe
gen3 so we're not going to be making the
most of the Gen 4 capabilities of our
processor but as we showed in a recent
video there's really not much point to
Gen 4 from a performance standpoint if
all you're doing is playing games so
there you go we've got a 512 gigas SD
which is small enough that you're not
blowing your entire $800 budget on your
storage but big enough that you can
actually load like three whole copies of
doom eternal onto your system before you
run out of space I swear to you guys
hard drives are gonna be making a
comeback over the next little bit in
people's gaming machines because games
are getting so big like what's the new
what's the new Cod like a hundred and
thirty gigs or something stupid like
that so what you're gonna end up doing
is you're gonna take an SSD like this
one you're gonna partition off maybe
like I don't know 250 gigs for your core
programs and your operating system
then you'll partition off another 250
gigs and use that with something like
primo cache for a hard drive so that way
whatever games you're playing most
frequently can be cached to the SSD but
you
we have enough storage for a decent game
library
all right for our motherboard we've gone
with the Iraqi 450 pro for just a good
solid value board asrock has really gone
all-in on AMD and that's a gamble that
seems to be paying off extremely well
for them for our power supply we've gone
with the classic okay so this is EVGA
SGD series the GD is for good not great
but good you know not gonna blow up
actually gonna deliver the power it's
rated for 80 plus gold efficiency you
know no modular interface or anything
fancy like that but it's good you know
for RAM we're going with some g.skill
ripjaws wait we didn't grab the AMD
specific ones that's okay these are
pretty good specs so these are ddr4 3200
and there you go CL 16 so that's about
the sweet spot in terms of price to
performance for an AMD rise in third gen
system right there something to note
guys is man the the terminology is going
to get real confusing over the next
little bit because Rison third gen on
desktop is Zen - okay and then Rison
fourth gen on mobile is Zen - so that
means Rison fourth gen on desktop is
probably going to be the upcoming Zen
three and the numbers are just there all
over the place so first gen rising was
Zen good job AMD 2nd gen Rison was Zen +
okay good try a.m. D and then now it's
all just basically gone to crap
so for desktop Gen 3 Rison this is a
this is a good price to performance spot
to be in and for graphics we've gone
with the RT X 2060 I believe this is the
K oh don't quote me on that I'm gonna
have to message Jake I don't see
anything indicating on the box anywhere
that this oh yeah this the giant K oh
right there silly me I was looking at
the
number how how funny what is what a
silly thing to do and then I was also
looking at the yes the part number but
no there were no indications there just
just this ko right here so this is the
ko which is actually based on the same
physical GPU as the 2070 if I recall
correctly so what that means is that
even though the clock speeds and
functional units are a little bit
different from a normal 2060 it will
perform very similarly in games but
actually a little bit better in
professional applications that can make
use of its extra its extra oomph oh yeah
case we've gone with a deep cool metrics
55 v 3 so without further ado why don't
we why don't we get started
let's build a computer ladies and
gentlemen okay guys I'm building the
computer you guys are if you guys are
gonna just talk about nothing but the
facial hair I'm gonna have to get rid of
it that's the way it's gonna have to be
it's it's becoming a distraction for the
class alright I am I am trying to make a
video here and literally 90% of the
comments are about the beard so the
story behind the beard is that I was
stuck at home for a couple of days and I
sort of realized that while I was at
least bothering to get dressed in the
morning I was not really finding the
time to go through my my full morning
routine I always brush my teeth I can't
stand like to funk and bad breath is a
is a as a personal trigger of mine like
there's just there's just no excuse for
it it's not that much work to have
breath that doesn't stink but I hadn't
bothered to shave for a couple of days
and I was like oh you know that would be
kind of mean tastic why don't I just why
don't I just not shave the entire time
that I'm in self-isolation and then I
had sorry in fact I had only intended to
be isolated for like a couple of days
because I was going to go back to work
after having been symptom free for 24
hours and I had plans to be symptom-free
for 24 hours basically immediately well
it didn't work out that way and I ended
up just actually being sick so now I
just actually have a beard all right so
let's go ahead and this board is
evidently not completely new because it
wouldn't normally ship with the back
plate taken off but yeah I would
probably used it for a previous project
or something like that a lot of people
ask hey guys you know what do you do
with all those computers you build it's
like wow if only we had the technology
to take apart a computer and reuse it
for a different project so that we would
have you know that Hardware still to use
for other projects that that is exactly
that is exactly what we do when we're
done with a computer build we take it
apart and we reuse it a lot of the time
I mean every once in a while the machine
will get left together like Jake managed
to convince me to leave his copper
copper machine together because he kind
of needed a new workstation for work
anyway
so we made a deal where he had to change
out the CPU and like take out one of the
graphics cards or something but yeah
he's using that still but for the most
part yeah we just take them we just take
them apart and then throw them on the
shelf and then when we need to do like
you know an $800 build tutorial on a
stream or something then we reuse it for
that so I'm gonna go ahead and get this
board back to its default state where we
run into trouble is when we forget to
fully take them apart like when we
accidentally leave em to s on
motherboards excuse me MDOT twos on
motherboards that has been a real
problem for us over the last little bit
all right so let's do the CPU first ride
in 530 600 X this thing is such a boost
a boost sorry I was I was reading the
boost clocks off the box to doubles to
double check what they were this thing
is such a beast like six core processor
for this price would have been
unthinkable you know back even like for
four or five years ago when six core and
actually many more core than that
processors were readily available just
really expensive AMD has really made
that that
super-small these days so there's my
little golden triangle I'm gonna line
that up with the little triangle on the
motherboard here so the way to know
which way it goes is if you're holding
the board in a sensible orientation like
wait why is that not going in get in
there here we go all right that's better
if you're holding the board and a
sensible orientation like with the i/o
down the text will be the right way haha
you know you'd think they would think of
stuff like that you know what we should
do is we should just make it so that the
text is right side up when the user is
installing it with the motherboard
sitting right side up there you go AMD
there's an idea for you free of charge
all I want is like 20 bucks
okay just send me a $20 check you can
use my idea your text will be right side
up when people install it it'll be super
easy to instruct people to orient their
cpu correctly from now on now it used to
be that the CPU socket could be oriented
like any which way on the motherboard
and something like that might not be
practical but these days the the
guidance for the keep out zones and all
that stuff pretty much dictate that
people put the socket on the same way
now someone I guess theoretically could
engineer a board where it was already in
two differently and that would break the
whole system but that wouldn't be my
problem all right
let's go ahead and install our memory
Wow look at that Jake even pre opened
the tabs for me
he didn't it's probably matias or tyler
whoever took a part in the previous
system we had a we had eivin are our
resident our formerly residents laven
for for a cameo appearance in a video a
little while ago every time I install
Ram I think of him what is it
roses are red violets are blue
something-something memory slots for and
to the the the general rule though in
the way that's easier for me to remember
it aside from just thinking of him is
that you want to have as much room for
your heatsink as possible most systems
get only after their memory slots
popular
so generally speaking you would find the
primary slots farther from the CPU
giving it more room to breathe all right
next up we've got our MDOT - I am I'm
very curious about what exactly it is
that inspired HP to get into the the DIY
parts market because the funny thing
about it is companies like Dell or HP or
Acer they engineered their own versions
of all kinds of things from motherboards
to SSDs to power supplies and and they
do real engineering for them even if
they aren't you know let's say Alienware
okay even if Alienware just by Dell is
not a manufacturer of power supplies and
they get it built by you know FSP or C
Sonic or whoever the case may be they
still a lot of the time as part of
specking out that unit will do real
engineering work on it and so it's
always been kind of you know baffling to
me that there's less crossover right
because you see the guys that build
custom parts getting into the system
building game I mean look at NZXT with
their build so you can now order a
system from NZXT
whoops anyway but it always kind of
confused me that they didn't really go
the other way I mean or it confused me a
little bit like I didn't want any of
that stuff so I thought you know ah well
maybe they just assume it's like not
good enough to compete in the custom
space but that these actually seem to
have a pretty good reputation so pretty
pretty bog-standard
its god it looks like yep four NAND
flash chips on it it's got a dram cache
back there actually it looks like it's
got two deer and cache tips I'm just
gonna take this label off so we can have
a look here oh they have rebranded the
controller if I had to guess I'd say
it's from like FISA nor something
there's no way HP built their own SSD
controller is there that would that
would surprise me that would surprise me
very very much guys let me know in the
comments do you know who makes the
controller on this Drive
I don't see anyone wow the chat is going
real quick fast styles alright let's go
ahead and get this drive installed while
we see if anyone knows what controllers
on this thing real Belton says why not
just use it two and a half inch SST well
because the pricing of MDOT to nvme SSDs
has gotten so close to SATA that you
might as well just use an MDOT two and
there are cases where there can be a
benefit to using an MDOT two so for one
thing it's easier to install I'm done
already I don't have to run any cables
or anything like that and for number two
there are situations where you will get
better performance if you happen to plug
in a thunderbolt external drive which
you won't be doing on this because it's
not thunderbolt but I believe that
should be a 10 gig USB type-c so if you
were to plug in like a USB 3.0 point -
Jen - batchi I don't know what they call
them if you were to plug in a USB 3 10
gigabit drive then and copy a file it
would finish faster - an nvme SSD in in
a way that really affects your life in a
meaningful way probably not but if you
have the performance you might as well
take it right well apparently it's
silicon motion makes the controller for
HP's SSD they've done some decent stuff
with less low but I mean nothing that's
gonna be competitive with like you know
a samsung pro series or anything like
that but certainly a functional you know
dram cached SSD with a decent controller
on it so uh what else we got that was it
for CPU motherboard memory SSD I always
feel like these builds are you know
gonna be over in no time especially now
that you load so many things onto the
motherboard itself before you have to
really even start building a computer
but then you start to do the bigger
things like power supply and cable
management the tedious stuff it's like
oh yeah that took very long time in
there alright let's go ahead and get to
our cooler installed so think about
rising is that you can talk all day
about you know needing great cooling for
your computer system
because you want to overclock or
whatever the case may be but the cold
hard truth is risin don't really
overclock much AMD has got these things
tuned to the max pretty much out of the
box and as long as the motherboard
makers are implementing their BIOS
correctly you're gonna get a basically
peak performance out of your risin 3rd
gen CPU you can overclock but you're
getting into pretty exotic cooling
solutions if you want to see a
significant performance boost so unless
you're after silent operation the stock
cooler ain't a bad way to go and we're
looking to save a buck on this system so
we're going with it I am regretting
putting back the CPU socket to its stock
configuration now because actually this
cooler which is what is this the race
whatever the crap guys which which
Wraith is this help me out I can't
remember this cooler actually screws
into the backplate which is a much
better mounting system than this stupid
plastic clip thing that AMD has had
going on for years and years I don't
know why they just didn't do away with
the plastic clip system altogether like
if you're going to have to include these
metal screws and a backplate which cost
was one of the considerations for why
they had these plastic clips on in the
past if you're gonna have to have the
backplate and these metal screws anyway
why not just make the standard mounting
mechanism screw into that which
apparently they did so then just why Bob
why bother with any of this I don't know
just you just do away with those plastic
things once and for all that's the way
that I would like to have it done I'm
just gonna change my ya screwdriver bit
here link me the shopping list of this
build says Reuben sandwich Wraith spire
thanks ladies and gentlemen so this is
the Wraith spire apparently the links to
all the parts for this build are
actually in the video description on
YouTube already but you're you're
watching on twitch because you prefer
twitch for whatever reason they're also
linked in the video description on
floatplane which oh I'm so sorry
floatplane chat I haven't
how'd you guys up but I'm gonna bring
you up now on my laptop here Cepheid men
kind of want to see line this with a
loop beard okay you guys are only
talking about the beard over there
everyone's just talking about the beard
guys I'm trying to now I feel like you
know a woman with breasts might feel
sometimes like look can you focus on the
content you know for two seconds no just
stop stop with the you know secondary
sexual characteristics alright
Krispy says I love you please reply all
right I have replied hopefully I haven't
opened up a can of worms here I've
replied but I'm not interested happily
happily married alright alright
there's our cooler and I'm gonna do my
trademark little knot here
I still remember finding one of the
computers that I had built like many
years prior at the at BSEP you hold on
that's why I was like CB fan to come CB
fan one right there at the NCIX
auction and I could tell it was mine
because one of my old little tricks back
before it was commonplace for even stock
coolers to have sleeved cables was to
tie the three individual wires into a
braid so that they would stay together
and look a little bit I don't know it
was distinctive it was distinctive if
nothing else I did not forget thermal
paste guys I should have mentioned that
though this cooler was brand-new and
already had a thermal pad on the bottom
so don't worry guys all good you
probably couldn't tell because this
webcam ain't great hold on
where did it go oh there it is I had
intended to use a classic our old
Blackmagic Cinema Camera for our B cam
for this but I realized as I was about
to go live see it's working it's working
great all these years later yeah yeah so
I had intended to use this as our B cam
but I realized right as I needed to go
live and I was getting
setup I forgot it's SDI out which is a
feature not a bug like that was a big
deal a camera at this price with this
image quality with professional features
like SDI out and I don't have an SDI
capture card at my house so I'm stuck
with the webcam again unfortunately Oh
hold on I'm gonna turn this off you will
see some footage off this thing over on
short circuit though if you're not
subscribed on short circuit make sure
that you are
that's our quaternary Channel I guess at
this point the Linus tech tips tech
quickie tech linked I mean we could
count channel super-fun we could count
LMG clips channels today I actually
don't even know what the term is anyway
make sure you're subscribed on short
circuit all right what do we got next
here oh this is important always keep
track of things when you are building a
machine because you never know when
someone's going to need these screws in
these clips six months down the line
when this has been sitting on the shelf
for however long yes SDI is boss it just
kind of screwed me over today it's funny
because I even thought of it when I
asked them to send me over the AV io
capture card the HDMI one I was like
maybe should send the sdi-12 just in
case but then I was like I don't have
any SDI stuff at my house got someone
asking I don't know the chats moving too
fast I can't tell got someone asking
what laptop this is this is the XPS 13
two and one I am obligated to disclose
that I did a sponsored video on this one
but that is not in fact why I use it I
just really like it and then the skin on
it I managed to convince D brand to dig
up some of their old carbon-fiber pink
much to the chagrin of the owner over
there I just told him I wasn't going to
put a D brand skin on my laptop if he
couldn't find me any of the pink and so
he he acquiesced why do I take these
SATA cables oh I don't need those all
right that's fine so we're gonna do some
tidy up put our SATA cables away but our
extra mounting hardware away
anti-static bag away all right
motherboards prepped got the i/o shield
let's go ahead and move on to the case
there's what from the eighties what do
you what do you float playing guys
talking about wouldn't be as bad if you
could lower the exposure on the webcam I
think it's set to auto and the reason
for that is that I am next to a window
in order to get enough light in here and
the Sun keeps getting covered or
uncovered by the clouds so I had to
leave it on auto so that it would
compensate for that all right let's get
the case open shall we oh there's a
couch behind me yep
tripped on it don't worry I'm good okay
good I'm still working oh I don't
actually know if this one is brand new
Earth has been used before cases are
always the really fun one to grab out of
our warehouse because I would say a good
60% of the time if they've been used
before not all the hardware was put back
properly thank you my staff oh man
you know when you can tell you're gonna
get zapped like the hairs on my arms are
standing up just moving close to this
thing I'm gonna get it over with
that wasn't bad it's probably gonna get
me again where I take the styrofoam off
oh wow this got this got hurt in
shipping this is why this stiff foam
sucks so much because especially once
someone let's say a system integrator
were to load up a full system in the
thing it's a lot more weight and one hit
on this stuff even with just the case
inside it's done so another hit and you
start getting some really really bad
stuff happening if you've got a full
system loaded in there did anyone notice
Linus's proofs a 3d printer are you
talking about I already sent that back
to the office ah that's weird
yeah no it's not here
yeah no I sent that back with Matias
this morning so that's for a video that
we've done supporting operation shields
up that's going to be coming up probably
within the next
I don't know hopefully the next very
short period of time but yeah we've
actually got over 20 proofs of 3d
printers running at the office right now
making face shields so it should be
pretty cool all right
sorry chat you're out of the reflection
now I seem to be short one of the thumb
screws for the tempered glass side panel
at least the side panel didn't break
though I've got what appears to be RGB
wiring this case have RGB that would be
very unlike Jake to blow extra budget on
RGB on a build like this for 800 bucks
so it must just not cost more or
something are we really are we really
short of screw I do hear some stuff
rattling around in there it might just
come out though that sounded like a
screw right okay we're gonna have to do
this the patient way I can see that this
case has been used there's one of the
PCI bracket things pulled up already
that's the super cheap way of doing that
well it's gonna be the best way to show
you guys what I'm doing here cuz I
realize now that that webcam angle kinda
needs to change
and I do not have a convenient way to
change it it's unfortunately not on like
like a flexi arm or anything like that
it's just on a c-stand okay where is
that thing that's rattling around in
here I don't see it it's not behind the
front panel is it was a front panel come
off this thing
ow my face hey hold on where's my
where's my camera switcher oh dude got
it so there's uh all four of our
tempered glass side panel retention
screws we good all right fantastic well
you know what we could do is we could
just build the system up right and then
maybe I could just angle it up a bit
Hey yeah that can make that work
gentlemen
there we go all right well I'm gonna pop
the front panel back on for now it looks
like the way the cooling is configured
in this case is three fans for intake
unfortunately that's not a filtered
intake it does have like kind of little
grills here but I I think dust will get
caught on them but I wouldn't describe
them as a filter and there's also not a
ton of like intake area here so those
those three fans might just be kind of
necessary to maintain decent cooling and
the thing I figured out what the RGB was
for so it looks like there's an RGB
light strip down here and that's wired
in right here other than that nothing is
wired into the front which seems to be
tempered glass so that's nice because
the i/o is all right here so we've got
power USB three USB to an LED control
button and headphone and microphone
jacks all right let's go ahead and get
our i/o shield installed fun fact one of
my staff was telling me that apparently
a soos patented the built-in IO shield
which is why they're the only ones that
do that so there you go the more you
know it really is quite nice
I do like it because this is a good way
to cut yourself mind you half the reason
for that is that this is a really cheap
IO shield I still think there is an
amazing business opportunity out there
for someone to produce custom IO shields
like it could not be that hard I'm not
saying it would be easy and like I could
do it in an afternoon I'm just saying I
think it's got to be doable for someone
to be able to make like like like a
machine learning thing or or or
something like a smart scanner of some
sort where people could basically send
like a couple key angles like pictures
from a couple key angles of their
motherboard and you would be able to
spit out like a custom like just
laser-cut IO shield that would match it
I think there's a lot of people out
there with motherboards that are missing
their IO shields that would pay like if
it was a decent board that I was trying
to that I was like trying to use I would
pay I'd say $14.99
I think I'd pay 15 bucks for an IO
shield for it if I didn't have it
MSI apparently uses pre-installed
shields - okay how did I miss that oh
there you go that's rock apparently does
it - well there you go see this is what
happens this is this is why I do have to
try to keep up on these things rather
than you know hash tag lie Ness just let
them do everything for me because
sometimes they get it wrong okay so
let's have a look at how everything is
pre-wired in here oh boy I don't have
snips mm-hmm that could be slightly
problematic
I will call my beautiful wife to
hopefully bring me a thing I need
yeah man have you guys been watching the
stock market lately I don't I have
nothing invested thankfully right now no
gold no stocks nothing but man this
rollercoaster is just it's wild so I
watched the tech stocks just to so that
I know what's going on but like Nvidia
is down four point five two percent
today
AMD down four point two seven percent
and you know they'll go up ten percent
another day hi could I get side cutters
super chats oh yeah yeah super chats he
means people who subscribe on floatplane
and contribute to us regularly right
just kidding super chats are good too in
other news flow plane ah yeah ambi
crashed watching her watching the
Bitcoin subreddit right now oh I know
right whether you're a bowl or a bear
for Bitcoin you're right these days man
those are side cutters yes my dear um
actually I should have probably told you
this before you went out to the garage
and came back could I also have some
cable management supplies wow these are
horrible I think I have another pair of
side cutters with a dark blue handle I
can't cut this is unbelievable I have
never encountered a worse pair of side
cutters than this I cannot cut oh man I
can't cut this plastic cable tie like it
seems to be functional like there's not
a lot to go wrong here but I cannot cut
it I should throw these away
they're quite literally the worst oh
these must belong to my dad or like must
have belonged to him at some point be
cuz I don't know if I'm gonna be able to
show you guys this they're completely
flat they're not side cutters their side
mashers they're like senior citizen side
cutters no they're not supposed to be in
sharp things and these also aren't sharp
these can be literally thrown away
they're unusable
thank you you're the best you know those
aren't just words right you really are
the best she's the best
all right let's store the psycho shield
back on here okay he's good all right
let's go ahead and cut off this old
cable management that's how that was
supposed to go in the first place okay
man this doesn't give me a lot of room
to stand over here this angle bit that's
okay
all right so there's all our front i/o
we can deal with that later here's our
front fans so what the crap are these
plugged into I don't really understand
what's going on here like what are all
these what are all these other fan leads
coming off of this I am legitimately
super confused okay so I'm just gonna
unplug all of the front fans there we go
what is this it seems to be a five-way
fan splitter so there's one power plug
there you go I can't remember it would
this be female or male I don't know it
doesn't matter let's say female it's one
female one two three four five male
connectors I mean as long as you don't
you know exceed the current limit of
your your header I guess that's fine but
then what is all this oh this has got to
be RGB but why are there so many things
plugged into it already
uh-huh main
okay well I guess we're just gonna kind
of wing it with those I'm not adding any
more RGB to the case so what I'll
probably do is just like cram it up
there
throw a cable tie on it and call that
good all right well why are the fans
back in later in the meantime why don't
we go ahead and install the power supply
sorry I gotta make sure that whatever
messages I'm getting or not about oh man
okay
yeah that's not the most disastrous
thing ever but pretty pretty brutal
so I filmed a video last night where I
tried to film a video last night about
dye infusing the tops of key caps to
make your own custom full color key caps
super cool topic unfortunately we
accidentally bought dye that was not
like infusion dye it was just regular
printer ink so I went to not my fault by
the way
not my fault but I went to do it and it
didn't work at all so our plan to finish
the video today was to just go to a shop
that is set up for for printing with
infusion dye and and then just use that
just be like hey well lol we did it
wrong but hey learn from our mistakes
and it's fine don't worry we've got
something let's show you how to actually
press them onto the key caps now
unfortunately the shop we were planning
to use apparently let go of all of their
staff and the soonest they're going to
be able to get us anything is next week
see this this is how the economy crashes
right it's like everyone panics because
business is down gets rid of all their
staff and then now they have no staff so
when the business is ready to come back
well now it's not just a coronavirus
blip now it's a downturn in your
business and a very significant one
I mean I'm not like I'm not trying to
lecture people I'm not saying that they
necessarily had a choice a lot of small
businesses if they're lucky might have a
month worth of worth afloat and just
because you have a month's float doesn't
mean you want to burn it all in one go
like I can see why people would panic
after a week or two like especially
really cutthroat industries like the
restaurant industry it's brutal it's
brutal out there but it also just does
become a bit of a self-fulfilling
prophecy when as a reaction to a
downturn you slash all your staff and
then you have no way to fulfill orders
it's all I'm saying so our goal before
the downturn actually had a conversation
with with Luke about floatplane as well
he's like look hey I don't know where
your headspace is at but like you know
if there's anything that we can do to
make sure that you know everyone's job
is protected and I was like yeah yeah
don't worry dude you've been working
with me a long time you know my personal
goal mine and Yvonne's goal for this
entire thing is for no one in either of
our companies to lose their jobs we may
ask some people to apply for the
Canadian government's benefits which
will be paid out through AI and we will
have to issue them a record of
employment but technically you're
supposed to issue a record of employment
any time your your wages are interrupted
for I think it's seven days anyway that
doesn't mean you lose your job you just
have to issue an ro a week and the
reason for us having them go through the
government is then it doesn't cost us
anything and it's actually very similar
to the sick pay program that we put in
place anyway so we're doing we're doing
two weeks just covered by us out of
pocket and if for whatever reason you're
not ready to come back to work after two
weeks then we're asking people to go
through the government but they have not
lost their job 100% they still have
their job I am having a really hard time
putting this screw into the power supply
Hey look okay really wish I had my
orange screwdriver right now but it's
actually dead the ratchet mechanism has
just completely gone in the last
probably I don't know a couple weeks or
so there we go finally got one I mean it
shouldn't surprise any of you guys if
you're if you're woke that I don't know
how to put in the power supply right
take take the take the wool off from
from over your eyes wake up and smell
the kibble you know that's an old
reference Jason Wade says and my dogs
are barking one sec dude you're in the
YouTube chat nobody can hold a
conversation in there anyway who are you
talking to I'm like I'm not gonna you
know what actually I will wait I'm gonna
wait for Jason I'm gonna read some
floatplane some floatplane chats until
Jason gets back after having dealt with
his dog what do we got here Oh f F for
respects thanks guys that's very very
helpful contribution you're making right
there - did you update the BIOS I
believe because this board has been used
fairly recently the BIOS is in fact
updated yes Jason are you back yet can I
continue I'm not seeing Jason there yet
that's fine Jason I can wait you go you
go put your dog outside or whatever
Jason must have a big house cuz like
he's been gone for a while still not
back I mean either that or the dog is
like you know not being cooperative
though going outside like sometimes
you're like you know go on go on go out
and they like they look like they're
gonna go but then they like stop and I'm
like yeah go on get out and then you and
then you kind of get up from your chair
and then they're like oh yeah I'm going
I'm going
and then you kind of sit back down
because like yeah I faked him into it or
her into it and then they're like uh but
do I really have to go and then you have
to like actually get up and go like take
them out sorry Jason we really can't
wait any longer unfortunately so you're
either you know if you're such a big
baller that you have like a gigantic
house anyway then I think you can get
someone to build a computer for you if
you can't tune into the whole stream
here and see how
screw these screws into the power supply
oh I'm not I don't even have the right
angle for you guys anyway no let's get
you let's get you that right angle this
keyboard always goes to sleep so I have
really been takin my sweet oh oh is
Jason back you know what good timing
Jason he actually really didn't miss
much wait a minute
Oh weird EVGA puts two full sets of
screw holes on their power supplies so
you can screw them in however you want
wow that's neat
very cool good job EVGA they say they
think of little things like that you
know all right so let's go ahead and do
some rudimentary cable management here
get most of these things going to the
right places let's try not to lose my
laptop miss Becca says the perfect
occasion for an orange LTT edition
screwdriver I would be lying if I said
we hadn't thought of that but I can say
no more unfortunately all right we're
gonna run our eighth pin there we go
that's the CPU eight pin you can tell
because it splits into four and four
rather than six and to run that up
through the top top and ROM it up here
there you go so that's ready to be where
it needs to be uh how many plugs do we
need on this ko graphics card I'm just
gonna check that real quick here wow
that is some kind of kludgy but so
definitely effective packaging EVGA you
can tell this is one of those like
Nvidia calls them up like hey we've got
a bunch of these GPUs we need to do a
Randal card with them you want to take
them all and they're like oh yeah let's
figure out how to package this I guess
we're just gonna cut a sheet of foam and
wrap it around it because we're not
going to design custom packaging for
like a weirdo one-off like this RTX 2060
oh yeah here we go to a single eight pin
that's what we're gonna need that's like
a long ko tradition I remember the
actually no it wasn't Takei Oh is the
7900 gto was another one of those EVGA
nvidia collabs where nobody else had
that that card at that price and they
were just basically clearing out all the
7900 GT X's but at like half the price
it's a common tactic to create a new SKU
that's basically the same thing at a
lower price rather than trashing the
price of your you know your GTX like
your top of the line series does this
power supply not have any molex
connectors oh no it does there's one at
the end here and then on the other one
there's two at the end okay it does it
does have molex connectors we might not
need any of them cuz it looks like the
fans all wait yes we will we're gonna
need one SATA connector look at that
just for the RGB button up at the top of
the case we can go ahead and wire that
up now unplug this connector if you use
motherboard to control the lighting oh I
guess we could use the motherboard to
control the lighting actually what would
be the easiest way to do that though hmm
I could not tell you I guess I'd have to
have all the same connect oh I guess I
just need yeah one of these style
connectors which I definitely do not
have right now alright alright so we're
gonna plug this in in terms of cable
management I think I'm just gonna jam
all of the SATA and molexes down here in
the front of the power supply under the
basement
this is a live build not a you know I
have three hours to cable manage I mean
have someone else cable manage for me
and then come back and is magically done
so you guys are gonna see how I actually
build a computer when I'm in a hurry to
get something done I want this behind
the 24 pin so we'll just cram that in
there a little cram that in a little bit
more go ahead and do some more cramming
feel like I'm back in school I'm doing
so much cramming right now cram fam fam
family friend cram cram cram good spark
planning we're cramming maximum damage a
and it's gone beautiful its cable
managed alright
power supplies installed let's go ahead
and throw the motherboard in shall we
what are the odds this case has all of
the appropriate standoffs already
installed in it look at that it does
this is gonna be so easy it's gonna be
like high-level easy
you know like 3.14 out of 10 easy or
difficulty yeah no no like 10 out of 7
out of 10 easy there 3.14 difficulty all
right where my screws at
oh don't worry we good all the
essentials are still up here
oh that's how you're supposed to plug in
the RGB they've got an adapter from the
locking connector that they use to
something that you're more likely to
find on your motherboard oh cool I don't
know if this my oh it does - does it
have five volt RGB though yeah my yes it
does
it has addressable RGB down at the
bottom cool all right so it's got a
header for that nice yeah I think I've
got I think I've got everything I need
here that's a nice little touch maybe I
do understand why Jake thought it was
worth the extra for the RGB with this
case all right motherboard screws we'll
start with I really need a stronger
magnet on my screwdriver this could be a
disaster waiting to happen
Oh something I didn't show you guys
before but that I did do was bending
back this little tab on the i/o shield
here I hate those when you get them
stuck in the connector all right we only
need six screws can I do it standing up
oh okay no it's fine
all good okay oh yes this is how we're
gonna do it so we're gonna do the reach
through okay I'm gonna put this bloody
screw back on the screwdriver I'm gonna
get you guys a bit get you guys a better
angle here right oh I could have done
that ages ago oh that would have been so
much better wait what my screwdriver go
Oh got it it's here Oh where'd the screw
that was on there go well nothing we can
do about it now
come on stay on there okay here we go so
I'm just using pressure again it's the
back to hold the motherboard in place
and I need come on come on you can do it
come on there little buddy oh wait
shooter these not 632 threaded ah
they're not and whatever the crap
these m4a3 I'm for rather I'm for m3 I
can't remember can never remember that
don't know why it doesn't seem that hard
you know like I can remember the dummy
Imperial one I can't remember the metric
ones I should know metric I am Canadian
alright sweet
motherboard is basically in now that's
half the screws this is one of those
like kind of pin or skinny motherboards
it's like ATX sort of except that it's
not because it's not as long as the
standard ATX board they when they put in
the classic 10th screw hole though so
normally on a full-size ATX you would
have nine and then there's this like
extra one that back when I got into
computers Intel was the only one that's
still adhered to the the fold standard
and put that screw hole and everyone
else just did the nine but they went
they put that one on so it's a seventh
in this case while we've got easy access
to the motherboard that's the best time
to plug in all the things to it so we'll
take our our two four pins so this is
another mark of like a good but not a
great power supply these don't have any
kind of lock to hold them together so
you just got to kind of hold them while
you put them in I mean it's not that
hard if you've done it enough times you
can do it pretty quickly but it's just
dad's so you know it's a creature
comfort or rather it's a lack of a
creature comfort I do like having that
and that lock in there does make a
difference these ones actually oh yeah
again they don't have a full proper lock
they just have like a little tab I don't
mind that though that's a lot better
than having nut nothing in this case
there's a little bit too much strain on
this cable though and this is gonna be a
bit of a bear to plug in only because I
have to do it from behind the system
though I didn't have you guys here for
work for those darn kids
don't already oh well that explains why
it's not grabbing on okay there it goes
on the other side you can tell from the
arrows it's got these handy-dandy little
arrows that show you that those arrows
go together that was probably a better
way to indicate that but who am I to
critique oh right a critic ha ha do you
guys see that I think it was on
Instagram or something Twitter I don't
know but someone posted that their dad
looks just like the food critic from
ratatouille it's amazing he does he
looks just like it like him forget his
name we watched that movie with our kids
pretty recently great movie feel like
there's a there's this kind of divide
for Pixar movies there's the ones that
are like really great movies and then
there's the ones that sell a lot of toys
like cars cars is terrible it's awful
it's not not good at all in any way but
man the number of cars bedspreads that
I've seen over the years it's like yep
yep that did pretty well it's like it's
no mystery why they didn't make another
Incredibles for 12 years or whatever
because I don't think Incredibles sells
a lot of toys back so Drive says you
just don't like Larry the Cable Guy I
don't mind Larry the Cable Guy at all my
problem is Owen Wilson like nothing
personal against him I'm sure he's a
fine human being I just I just I can't
stand it Wow Wow
Wow cars Wow I can't I just can't
and like that's his shtick and that
works and you know he has been a great
success as a rom-com you know actor and
like I'm sure he's done something more
serious than that at some point I don't
know I don't watch it cuz I just I just
I can't do it I just can't do it I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry it's some duck
so we've got some Owen Wilson fans that
are like not happy right now but you
know not everyone can be a fan of
everything you know so cars bad movie
but also I could be biased AF so there's
that
yeah if Owen Wilson's watching this
channel his heart is broken I don't know
I mean all of like all of production
land is basically shut down right now
for all I know he is watching this
channel but I doubt it if you are I'm
sorry dude I
yeah I mean it's like like I said it's
nothing personal I'm sure you're a fine
fine human being what you mean this line
is not like people from the south has
nothing to do with being is even from
the South what even talking about that's
not a southern accent that is an Owen
Wilson accent if you say gee Wow no
one's like Oh what southern city are you
pretending you have an accent from
they're like oh oh and Wilson southern
accent power switch oh there's no reset
switch on this case that can't be a bit
of a pain in the butt but it's like it's
one of those things where it only costs
you five seconds to hold down the power
button but the only time you need a
reset switch is when you're like really
mad already so I'm always kind of torn
when I see no reset switch like it's not
a real problem it's just something that
I get really frustrated by when when I'm
really frustrated already and I realize
I have no reset switch
apparently Larry the Cable Guy is a fake
southerner do you ever watch Formula One
no I can't say that I do I am I am NOT a
car guy in in the in the truest sense
guys I just I just don't care it's like
for me there's there's one critical
question I've got to ask myself when it
comes to Motorsports or like Motor
Vehicles really because not motorsports
I'm not really into any motor sports but
for motor vehicles there's there's one
question how many wheels does it have
and if the answer is more than two then
we in trouble because it ain't gonna
gonna pique my interest I really got to
get my bike on the road I haven't
insured it yet this season and I'm like
I can always feel it around this time of
year like I'll just be kind of cranky
I'll be like what what is it and then
I'll be like motorcycle withdrawal I go
I insure my bike I go up for a ride you
know get the wind whipping around me
yeah that's better
totally take takes care of it every
season every season I didn't ride that
much and I don't get out on the track or
anything like that
I had a track day planned I was gonna go
down to Laguna Seca with a friend and I
was gonna do my first track day I was
super super excited about it and then it
ended up being cancelled due to
coronavirus obviously that's a very
first world problem I'm not saying that
you know you guys should feel bad for me
or anything I just I was jazzed to do it
and I didn't get a chance to because we
haven't really brought out in a long
time since he moved down there so would
have been really nice to hang out with
my friend and also go ride my bike real
fast around the track but we weren't
able to make it happen I did leave
things I hope on good terms with those
guys and they're still hopefully gonna
be in business when all this is over so
I would like to get down there but did
not work out for now all right so that's
it front IO is hooked up I realize I
kind of
stops talking to you guys about what I'm
doing for a little bit there so let's do
a quick recap
so we plugged in front panel audio over
here it only goes in one way
plugged in front USB 2 right there
plugged in the front switches they're
conveniently labeled on this motherboard
I don't understand why any motherboard
doesn't have them labeled I mean you
already have to silkscreen a bunch of
crap onto the PCB you might as well so
screen the labels for that so that's
really nice
USB 3 is right here 24 pin 8 pin and
that's everything that we need to
connect to the motherboard with the
exception haha whoops almost got almost
got got right there with the exception
of this right here so this is a 4 pin
not that this this is a 4 pin
addressable
RGB connector and I'm gonna put that
onto the header on the motherboard so we
can actually use software to control the
RGB lighting in the case super-nice love
it love it actually should I bother you
know what I don't care okay that's what
we would do I'm not gonna bother though
because then I have to install software
to show you guys the RGB lighting so I'm
just gonna hook it up to the button
that's built into the case is a nice
implementation I like it it's nice to
have that choice you know oh cool and
they even include a little adapter so
you can take their connector that
they're using plug that into the end of
the string you've already got and then
plug in some standard strips real nice
you guys thought of everything I didn't
you good job
deep cool alright I am going to use
their adapter doodad for my fans I'm
actually gonna use we're gonna tie it in
to CPU temps so I'm gonna use the alt
CPU connector up here which is also like
a pump connector that's gonna handle all
of our ah should be you know let's use
it let's use a case fan connector I'll
use a chassis that's a connector so I'm
gonna use the one down here this is a
nice value boards have come such a long
way like I remember back in the day
you'd be lucky if you had you know two
fan headers one for CPU and one back
here for a rear case fan on like a
budget board nowadays you can get like a
decent motherboard with everything you
really need for not a lot of money
all right should we plug in a graphics
card I think you should I already ran
through this a little bit earlier on the
stream but for those of you who weren't
here the r-tx 2060 KO from EVGA is a
special edition r-tx 2060 that is going
to have about the same performance as a
regular one in games but because it uses
physically a different graphics
processing unit
it'll have better performance in like
compute applications so if you're a pro
on a budget and you're looking for a GPU
this is basically the way to go oh as a
DVI connector oh I wonder if that's how
they nerf it I didn't realize this only
has a single DisplayPort connector
that's a bit of a drag honestly speaking
huh well that's how they nerfed it cool
now we know we're gonna go ahead and
clunk that bad boy right there
and I went and put away all the screws
and I still need some of those so now we
need 632 is the ones at the back of the
case are always 632 almost always 632
basically only 632 oh okay this is a bit
of a design flaw in the case that's not
great when you've got like a big old
barrier interfering with plugging in the
screws that sort of total bytes that's
real hard to put in straight there
those thumb screws it wouldn't be quite
so bad because then you could at least
start them easily
oh that doesn't help them doing this
left-handed either well be fine if I was
doing it left-handed the problem is that
I'm not doing it left-handed because I
am not leftenant
I'm just doing it with my left hand okay
you know it's better to better to not do
something at all than to do it with your
left hand that's what I
tell my wife yeah this sucks
okay that's in there hi I'm not
bothering to put in the other one
because one is enough I have an SV 650 s
David Shaw all right well that's in
there
not the greatest experience everything
nappin and met n says shave please shave
and soapy lmao - homeless tips yeah well
you know look it's only during the cove
aid it's only during Mike ovid isolation
oh let's see
sorry I just got to put this so when I
said your 8-pin you can tell which one's
the CPU because it's four by four or
four and four instead of six and two so
you can tell this one's PCI Express
there we go all right cool
oh I wish this connector wasn't just
dangling there but like I said it's a
good power supply not a not a great play
there you go all right
this computer is like mostly built at
least from this side still got some work
to do let's plug in let's do it let's do
some cable management first so our eight
pin is gonna go into these little
convenient cable management spots right
along the edge here that are designed
for just such an occasion all right you
guys see what I'm doing oh it would
probably be better to change the camera
wouldn't it we can do that all right
first let me just put that bad boy on
there there we are
Oh - who cares about cable management
come on guys we got to try at least a
little bit of to sort of look like we
thought about making an effort how about
that that'll be the standard for this
for this build so I'll throw that guy on
there you don't actually need that many
cable ties to take it from total rat's
nest to fairly reasonable all right pop
that on right there Patapsco
this is actually an SSD mount not a
cable type point but I'm not mounting a
SATA SSD so I don't care now it's a
capable time mounting point there we go
those guys can sit there like that
a little something Lyman it seems
alright this can you jam down there
you know we jammin now I'm just gonna
tie that one down there actually as we
get to the front of the case here
there's a little bit more that I might
want to tie together in one one bundle
so that looks that looks pretty good for
one bundle yeah
can't tell if you guys can see what I'm
doing or not the challenge of not having
a camera operator that's ok I'm
embracing I'm embracing my isolation
here I might never go back to the office
I'm going back to the office working
from home is not as good I was working
from the office it was kind of fun for a
little bit but then it was over
it's really tight got it so now we're
we're gonna put them side by side so
that it'll go down flat enough that
we're gonna be able to close that side
panel and then we're gonna go ahead and
we're gonna we're gonna jam all these
extra bits what is this this come from
oh yeah I know this is this is for the
front fans doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
so we're gonna run this over here for
now and then we're just gonna jam all
these extra bits down into the bottom of
the case there look I said we were just
trying to make it look like we tried a
bit I didn't say we were doing a perfect
job here yeah there we go
not bad not great but not bad
there's our fans what is that oh okay
[Music]
cool alright um here's all the RGB white
oh you'd be wearing a stuck under there
and when I show you guys the table that
I'm working on you are going to flip out
I'll show you at the end of the stir
I can't do anything to it right now but
it's kind of hilarious
all right I'm just gonna jam all the RDB
wiring under there there we go and then
yeah I'll like secure it right there
cool
trust me it's like the funniest thing
ever you will love it let me just say
this table is not is not a chest height
or a waist height table at all it's it's
a much lower table alright let's plug in
these so we'll go right there no go
right can this one reach one of them I'm
just gonna undo this I this together
just so I can keep track of them and
keep all the fan power together before
alright so that goes perfect
now we're gonna jam all of it down there
hey alright I could put another cable
tie on here but I'm not gonna bother ok
maybe I should bother no it seems good
enough there that's not so bad as long
as you ignore this part which we can
because we're never gonna see it again
let's throw the side panel back on wait
no wait yes am I gonna bother to boot
this thing up do I even like need to
that was it that was how to build a
computer I guess we could turn it on to
make sure that it actually works but
then I don't have a monitor ah this
could be slightly problematic
I really did not think this through
let's see this is the problem if I was
at the office getting a monitor is just
a matter of you know hey got a
to get a grab a monitor and that'll take
one minute at home I would have to go
disentangle my desktop computer from my
from my setup that would be really
really really awful right about now
don't even have enough power outlets
here I've got one no I do maybe have
enough wait what is this does this
plugged into anything oh yeah okay maybe
I could power it up okay I will I will
consider it how would I be able to do
that though okay maybe if I killed the
webcam feed and then I actually ran it
through a capture card oh okay maybe
that could work give me one sec guys
alright here's an avi o4k handy-dandy
little USB 3 capture card I'm going to
unplug oh man I hope the stream doesn't
like crash or something okay I'm at
least gonna I'm at least gonna power it
on so we can see the lights turn on
before I try and do anything because if
I if I completely break the stream then
I'll just end it there instead of I'll
call quit while I'm ahead instead of
trying to fire it up alright so USB
three goes into that I'm in my living
room so I'm just gonna plug this into my
VR PC okay webcam then I've got just a
six foot HDMI cable here I'm gonna move
the system over to the other side there
and then I'm just gonna run this down
the front here okay that's sort of the
best we can do
okay ah now we've got ah yes good this
oh I've got another idea
Oh this could work oh this might okay we
might just be crazy enough to get away
with this guy's because where'd it go
ah yes I've got my Rockets over here
so I could go retrieve that from the
tangle of wires behind my VR PC and we
could plug that in first let's see if
the thing actually posts though because
if it doesn't we are not we're not gonna
do a whole troubleshooting stream here
so video capture device add existing 4k
okay okay so is that here
I cannot tell well I guess we're gonna
find out let's go ahead and let's go
ahead and fire it up well we'll try
we're gonna try man I've got a lot of
extension cords daisy chained here and
moment of truth
all right
she powers so that's a good sign there's
no like postcode indicator on this or
anything so we don't have too much
information yet no fans been at the
front what you talking about we got
plenty of fans spin at the front ladies
and gentlemen you just you can't really
see them they're definitely spinning in
there yeah there you go
see we got we got plenty of fans Ben
okay we got so much fan spin they're
like a more like meet Ben fans you know
so much so much spin okay um so I just
don't really know what happened with
that source I don't know oh wait let's
do it deactivate and activate on it is
that something happening
I can't tell resolution an FPS device
default uh-huh okay you've got something
that's that's it that's not the thing
not the thing all right
got a black square going on here okay
let's try that again
okay HD line oh there's your problem
haha all right all right we got the
capture card plugged in but when we plug
the HDMI into the back of the computer
you didn't put that oh wow that barely
barely reaches that might come apart at
any moment okay
unfortunately I used the one long HDMI
cable that I have at home to plug into
the camera so we're stuck with that okay
Oh interesting eight whoa looks like
jake preloaded an operating system for
me how about that okay okay we're we in
business does this thing I built in why
oh it doesn't have Wi-Fi okay I can
solve this yes yes I can solve this okay
BRB I need an Ethernet cable I need to
need to make you actually before I need
an Ethernet cable I need the cord for
the Silva okay all right let's try that
first let's just make sure make sure
that's working he has it going how you
doing I'm good how are you yeah good
thanks yourself fine just fine intended
to go in your lap but hey nice nice we
in ladies and gentlemen
I don't know what he's loaded up on here
and I think this is running it 30 Hertz
oh wow it is very hard for me to for me
to see anything I'm there all right ones
that in before the stream crashes no now
we're mostly out of the woods at this
point you guys this is this is not this
is not that okay
well I made my OBS a lot bigger all
right let's try let's see if we can
change it to Oh this mouse doesn't
tract well on this mousepad
unfortunately okay we run in 1080 and
what do you thinks gonna happen if I
change it to 60 Hertz
wish me luck here guys what's not fifty
now oh you know what my preview is
probably thirty because I'm streaming at
30fps okay well there's your problem
either way you know we're gonna we're
gonna roll with it we're gonna roll with
it let's let's fire up some some let's
do a classic let's go with a classic
shadow of the Tomb Raider all right Wow
this mouse hates this mouse pad or the
censors dirty or something because I
this is barely usable did I press go
start an offline mode let's give it a
shot what do you think what are the odds
that Jake fired this up once before so
that's authenticated already I'm gonna
go with 20% you can count on him to like
pre-install the stuff but I don't think
it's gonna be just like ready to launch
an offline mode there's no way he would
have seen that one coming
offline mode okay
library library charlie tomb Raider's
apparently running oh yeah and where
would I find that running application
wow it's really hard to see around this
camera where would I find that that
running application pray tell steam
preparing to launch how do the Tomb
Raider okay you know what meantime I'm
gonna go get an ethernet cable okay we
we got a solution here
yes Ethernet got it yes error occurred
by the way we expected that that was an
expected outcome okay hopefully we
already have Ethernet drivers
pre-installed because otherwise that is
going to be kind of a pain in the arse
all right
plug in Ken he reached the network
switch his chicken arms the answer is
yes oh man my living room is full
destroyed right now okay I cannot see
yes okay let's try that again
Boop here we go
we got this
ah okay I made that small again you know
what here let's just restart yep
okay those black bars the top I don't
know what it's doing I should do some
super chats though do your activity this
is not wide enough to work it's like oh
man the guys who worked on this
interface I'm sorry you guys I'm sure
you meant well but boy is it ever awful
oh wow there's a lot of super chats I
apologize in advance for not being able
to get through all of them you guys
there are there are far too many thanks
are alien I was like an hour and a half
ago ah read it says lay - what monitor
using on your desk at home and why I'm
using how big is the stupid thing like
that 37 inch one the the lg ultra wide
144 Hertz that's like 38 40 by 1600
I like it because it has super super
responsive pixels you can tell from the
pixels you know tommy-gun
bearded Linus hashtag no homo all right
yep thank you for that in YouTube Cody
Robert says when Joe's early today no no
man show is not early today
man show will probably end up being late
today because I'm working on this right
now no okay
why is that computer not working okay
what's up my homies says keep the beard
Robert says I sense a dollar ship I tell
her I sponsorship by Dollar Shave Club
soon no I think they're more into people
who shave right now I think I am NOT uh
Dollar Shave club's target demographic
oh you know what I wonder if I'd need to
do a quick oh it is working
oh I was looking at this dream feed yep
okay well there's your problem
okay cool so
oh man do I remember the credentials for
this okay is that not working now
dang it nothing is ever easy you know
please tell me this is working oh it was
dead for a second there you know what
I'm gonna plug into USB 3 ports not
because I think a keyboard needs USB 3
speeds but they tend to have better
power delivery and this is keyboard and
mouse over one port I'm not sure oh did
you get it
you got it I upgraded my internet
recently so I want to do a game update
before I actually play a game because
it's awesome let's see how fast it comes
down
oh it's done let's see if we can find
something else to update let's update
this one and it's done whoo I went
gigabit cuz I've been transferring
footage back to the office from my
shoots that I've been doing here at the
house so yeah it's been it's been it's
been pretty incredible and it only cost
me like an extra 10 bucks a month
compared to my existing plan so I'm
pretty stoked all right yeah I had
Yvonne callin she's like oh yeah it
looks like they don't have gigabit with
unlimited data and I'm like no no I'm
sure that they do and so we called and
not only did they have that but there
was a deal where if we signed a contract
for two years or whatever then it was
much cheaper and I have no problem
signing a contract with Telus for two
years even though I've had some bad
experiences with them just because Shah
has nothing comparable as far as I can
tell nothing on the roadmap to compete
with their with their fiber so we're
stuck with Telus for better for worse
they'd actually the service has been
excellent so I don't want I don't want
to hate on the service like that not the
customer service like the the Internet
service has been very reliable once we
got through all the whole thing where
they like sent an offer to my house and
I didn't actually have that service
available here so I said hey yeah I do
want it I want this offer but you guys
haven't installed it in my neighborhood
yet and they were like well too bad
I'm like well look I'm not the one who
sent a flier to my house why you guys
you know sending the offer for things
that aren't available and non-being
unwilling to honor them a couple months
later when you actually install in my
neighborhood anyway we got it all sorted
out it's all good all right so we're
just gonna we're just gonna run the
benchmark I guess I'm running on
medium-high disabled motion blur because
it's stupid
and let's see how this puppy performs I
mean it's gonna perform you know like
you'd expect I would think I can read
some super chats in the meantime though
this is such a jank setup oh I'm gonna
do a YouTube story right now this is
hilarious all right just turn this
around use a selfie camera just doing a
casual pc build stream here you know
building the PC with the janky ASET up
ever see I can see myself over there and
got my twitch chat and my YouTube chat
and everything look at this capture card
hovering in midair oh that was slightly
over 15 seconds okay we got to try one
more time sorry guys one sec just at
home doing a game stream game stream
that's not what I'm doing say I don't
even know what I'm doing this is why I
need my staff to great things for me
just at home doing a pc build stream you
know got my pc got my you know wall got
my incredibly janky setup twitch chat
youtube chat is that a capture card
hovering in midair yes it is alright
post that and that my friends is how the
magic is made now I got a post that to
youtube hello YouTube stories it's like
it's pretty bad compared to instagrams
implementation like this is just frozen
it'll wake up eventually but it hasn't
yet
oh I just got the message of the week I
my phone is completely locked up thank
you for that and the funny thing is I'm
only using this phone instead of the
fold because YouTube stories is
completely not available on the fold it
was working and then it wasn't and then
it was and now it isn't again really
frustrating okay we're gonna wait we're
gonna wait for the YouTube app hello
YouTube app you can do it buddy
well whatever we're just gonna post that
to Instagram for the time being and if
YouTube wants that stuff in their
stories then they can have a better app
so you look it is already posted to
Instagram just like that oh hey there it
is wait what is this that's the wrong
clip no I clicked the wrong one oh okay
I'm just gonna not interrupt it this
time I will read some super chats the
Phoenix says I should shave on stream
that's not a bad idea I think there
would be there would be riots in the
street though based on how many people
are telling me to keep the beard like
404 Belloc's and Bobby and you Shaq and
these are just all people they're
sending super chats about the beard and
Josiah oh lordy nostalgia trip one says
if I upgrade to MDOT - what's the best
man that's method to transfer the OS
from a tune 1/2 inch SSD um you know
what I'm not a hundred percent sure
because I know that those drives would
require different like I know going from
like IDE mode to HD I was a big problem
back in the day because you were
operating the SSDs controller in like a
different mode there were different
drivers involved I don't know how easy
it is to go from SATA to nvme I do see
that our benchmark run is done no that's
looking pretty swell average FPS of 107
running to
reader on medium it's a good-looking
game on medium alright what else we got
here
I quit the game yes we could play some
CS go through a capture card at 30
frames per second if you guys want to
see me fail real bad then we could do
that why don't we do that let's play
something let's play some csgo shall we
and eventually maybe this story will
post see it's still working on it it's
still working on it over there it's so
brutal it's usually better than this
this is particularly bad Boston burger
says this man knows nothing about
building computers don't fall for it
it's all a sham you're onto me Justin
thank you thanks Chris more beard stuff
Sam CH says show more breasts we might
forget about the beard alright fair
enough
Highlander I'm spending five dollars to
tell you the beard looks good and you
should keep it okay I'm I'm sorry I
can't read all the beard clippings oh I
will read anything not beard Gaal says
you may have mentioned this earlier but
using the Rison five and an ass rocked
before fifty proteins an update for the
BIOS I yes and anything that's on the
Shelf now should be updated by this
point that's only true of stock that
hasn't been updated to a newer BIOS
Robert says this there's supposed to be
a livestream chat on floatplane mobile
no I don't think that works yet yeah
it's very much a work in progress
big Benson says how far along is the
mousepad yeah kovat has not made it any
faster you are in fact correct about
that we're still working on finalizing a
supplier we want something that is up to
the quality standards that we expect sky
saying says what are you coming to
Toronto no time soon how about that
Jonathan says here's a toonie towards a
new screwdriver thank you I think I get
about 70% of that but hey it adds up it
adds up I actually have a screwdriver
plan I'm gonna get us with Simon oh look
at that
it's ready it's ready my youtube story
is ready
post hey good job good job you too that
Tony says why the KO over the 5600 XT
driver she seem to be ironed out over
here on team red and that's why because
if I had a dollar for every time I saw
the message the driver she seemed to be
mostly resolved now I would have enough
to buy a KO it's just the way it is
not a fan boy love the CPUs right now I
just like stuff that just works the
first time Joshua says wonder if you
ever saw my Rd rig reboot video is one
with the LTTE underwear in the literal
garbage fire I don't know if I did catch
that one also guys just to be clear that
doesn't mean that we haven't recommended
AMD cards in the past when the driver
issues are good and they've got them
sorted out we have recommended them many
times but the ko does happen to be a
particularly great value right now
especially if you do more than just game
jack wall says I have a printer and want
to help with the face shield project
where can I find the clear bit its
laser-cut I forget what material is that
we're using but that's going to be in
the video that we're gonna have up
pretty shortly thanks Andy Xiang yeah X
I oMG however I pronounced that thanks
Tom
appreciate the super chat I'm almost at
the end ok no more super tacks don't
send more super chats
thanks Adam quazy thanks cat chiku nick
says refund of the unsolicited refund
colton gave me for my LTX nephew i told
you it's fine we had no problem giving
you a refund for it wow that's a $200
super chat 200 euro super chat now that
the canadian dollar is worth nothing
that's a lot well thank you very much
but like I really feel like the right
thing for us to do was to refund you it
is what it is I guess at this point
thank you very much alright let's move
on to okay that's it for super super
chats I am bringing this up here we go
let's play some csgo should we do
official matchmaking no let's do a
community server browser
yes yes yes yes I understand oh boy that
is so small that I cannot see it at all
fantastic also half the screen is hidden
behind the thing there maybe if I could
just move this over yeah there we go
all right that's a lot better okay so
let's find one so these are sorted by
ping right now
all right ah I can't see it all it's
already kind of full screen ish okay so
we want one that's not locked how about
um where where's the mat there's less
than that oh yeah there we go
okay how about this one ten player dust2
server oh is that a 20 player office
server sure nope that one's
password-protected I can't I can't see
the locks from here they're so small no
there's a 12-person gust - can we get a
dust - with more capacity maybe I'm okay
with office as well oh that one's locked
gosh darn it oh wait what oh yeah okay
it's hard to tell what - uh oh that one
okay doing game wait what what now what
I don't get it so you have to it so you
can have passwords that are on this side
now wait what am I in or not I appear to
be in ok whoo here we go what's going on
are these BOTS or what what game-mode is
this ok apparently this is not a normal
game mode ok so this is just like our
people know these are did I just get
killed by a bot darn it ok so I'm
supposed to attack
terrorists wow this is really choppy I'm
not blaming the computer though all
right I got enable developer console yes
how's our FPS tuned oh yeah we got a few
hundred FPS no no no good Oh can't see
my crosshair this is terrible apparently
that was a pop up from the previous
server that never went away
thank you for give in chat there I
cannot see my crosshair from here this
is the worst this is actually a terrible
terrible gaming experience I'd I really
I really don't blame the computer though
I built a good computer just through the
capture card on a window on my TV across
the room with a camera in the way is not
the best way I have a shotgun now I have
a shotgun well I gotta get closer then
Oh No okay where we at what gun do I
have okay I've got a shotgun again okay
that's fine I can work with that
that's the no aim required weapon okay
where are you all hiding that I'm
surprised more of you haven't joined
already no come on
Wow I am getting dominated by a bot this
may be the worst thing that's ever
happened to me
come on kill something please please
please is something dead I can't tell I
can't see the messages
did I kill anything
I can't tell yes I killed someone
good about time oh oh yes got another
one we could say got him I can't see the
chat so I have no idea if the stream is
even still running right now okay
are you at terrorists oh I'm good
cool all right well I think we have
established now that the computer is in
fact working its gameand it's a pretty
rockin little system for 800 bucks that
is a very very good gaming experience
it's not the cheapest gaming rig by any
stretch of the imagination but this is
where you really get into that like
fantastic bang for the buck range I'm
just gonna hide this where every dollar
is contributing to making this a better
system or to the RGB lighting hey not
bad right let's cycle through all the
included modes here what I'm just gonna
adjust that so you can't see my windows
quite as much yeah that's pretty good
there we go we got purple you got white
oh wow we even got some effects those
are addressable RGB LED fans very nice
someone says it's not live on YouTube
very funny I can see it live on YouTube
I have moved it now alright oh oh that
was a nice little like fading effect
that we were looking at before wow
there's a lot of
lighting effects cheese okay that's
quite enough lighting effects for us to
go through right now I think okay cool
you know what let's pick a favorite one
oh I think I passed my favorite one dang
it where's the one I want not that one
not that one not that one not that one
not that one
dang it got it now there's a more
rainbow we won yeah it is love it that's
what I'm sticking with so thank you for
tuning in to this fun I hope little PC
building stream I actually just realized
I have no idea how many people are even
watching it 21,000 apparently well thank
you very much for that you guys and
that's on YouTube alone I have no
counter on twitch or oh yeah I do have
one on twitch I can pull that up
apparently there's 2,400 watching over
there and I have no counter for
floatplane alright I promised you guys I
was going to show you the janky setup
before I signed off so I'm gonna do that
now this is absolutely nuts I'm just
gonna plug the webcam back in and hope
that that just immediately works
what are the odds I'm going with 70% who
okay hold on maybe it's just a matter of
going in and deactivating and then
activating it come on baby
hi yes we got we cool okay yes good all
right we good all right I'm gonna show
you guys the setup bounce this redonk a
dog so holding the webcam was this C
stand and I'm gonna try and get this as
steady as I can here
so this ceased and holding the webcam
all right which was plugged into the
front ports of my vr gaming setup down
there in the other front port is the cam
link 4k that you're gonna see in my
streaming setup upgrade video so I stole
that from my computer upstairs and then
plugged into that I've got an HDMI to
DVI adapter and then a DVI to HDMI cable
going into my Canon c200 camera so this
is the one nice piece of gear in this
whole setup actually no my wireless lab
is also a nice piece of gear so that's
electro Sonics whatever the crap super
super nice Wireless lab alright so the
camera is on a tripod is plugged into
dududududududu this power squid which is
plugged into that extension cord and
then it's also plugged into this
extension cord which is powering the
computer when I was gaming I had
replaced the webcam the webcam slot over
there with this capture card which was
suspended in the air here because that
was as close as or that was as far as it
could reach since I only have this super
short HDMI cable to go into the back of
the computer lighting it's taken care of
by one of these what are they called
quasar science something or others but
this is a pretty nice light and then
I've got an aperture 300 D mark 2 over
there and then there's another quays
our behind the couch giving it that blue
glow there so yep
oh yeah right the Jane kissed part this
is my coffee table on paint cans and
some spare two by two pieces of wood
from some IKEA furniture so that's yep
yeah this is the view from the cameras
angle pretty terrible love it
all right oh right and then switching
scenes is handled by my my air mouse
bluetooth keyboard mouse doodad so I've
just got a hot key on here oh thanks for
tuning in guys and we will see you okay
no moving the moving the camera down
wasn't really an option because if I'm
like sitting there it's hard to like
build a computer I guess I could have
sat but it's really low it's too low
alright thanks for tuning in guys good
stream good stream fun stream see you in
an hour on LAN show yes
bit worse and then a little bit better
and then a little bit worse and today
I'm feeling a little bit better but
basically whether you subscribe to the
24 hours with no symptoms or 72 hours
with no symptoms I am not there so I
have not been able to go back to work so
that's fine because you know what
nobody's supposed to be at work so why
don't we all stay at home and build a
computer right a-and this dream is gonna
be brought to you by private Internet
access I think one second I forgot to
double check who my sponsor is for the
stream before I started it that's a
classic that that classic tech tips move
right there did I leave the stream
unlisted I certainly hope I didn't but
that would be exactly the sort of thing
that I would do yes sir I think I forgot
to change it to public on YouTube
because it hides that button if you
don't have it fullscreen yep there we go
oh well that's fine I haven't really
done anything yet anyway and the good
news is that when I open that up I was
able to see the YouTube video
description which did in fact confirm
that our sponsor for the video today is
private Internet access private Internet
access hides your true IP and keeps
anyone like your internet service
provider from snooping on what sites
you're visiting and what data you're
transferring to and from your devices
you can use it on up to five devices at
once with a single account and you can
try it for free so check it out at the
link in the video description alright I
should be all fixed I think we good nice
we're live everywhere now this is gonna
be a lot of fun guys so I haven't seen
all the parts that I'm going to be
working with today so why don't we run
through them together I've got my little
remote doodad in my pocket here yeah
check this out using my ancient iFixit
kit this thing has served me very very
well so for CPU we've gone with a risin
530 600 X this is intended to be kind of
like the seems auto focus on nothing oh
nice
got my webcam over here for my secondary
camera so this is intended to be kind of
like a value gaming machine the target
price point was $800 and is actually
Jake who put together the list of
components for us today some of them are
ones that you guys will be pretty
familiar with like the 3600 X this thing
really is a spectacular value and some
of them you'll probably be a little less
familiar with check this out
so for our SSD we've gone with the e X
920 m2 SSD from yes my friends the one
and only hewlett-packard apparently HP
has been getting into the value SSD game
so we'll be going with one of these
apparently these are like actually
pretty deeper formance it's only PCIe
gen3 so we're not going to be making the
most of the Gen 4 capabilities of our
processor but as we showed in a recent
video there's really not much point to
Gen 4 from a performance standpoint if
all you're doing is playing games so
there you go we've got a 512 gigas SD
which is small enough that you're not
blowing your entire $800 budget on your
storage but big enough that you can
actually load like three whole copies of
doom eternal onto your system before you
run out of space I swear to you guys
hard drives are gonna be making a
comeback over the next little bit in
people's gaming machines because games
are getting so big like what's the new
what's the new Cod like a hundred and
thirty gigs or something stupid like
that so what you're gonna end up doing
is you're gonna take an SSD like this
one you're gonna partition off maybe
like I don't know 250 gigs for your core
programs and your operating system
then you'll partition off another 250
gigs and use that with something like
primo cache for a hard drive so that way
whatever games you're playing most
frequently can be cached to the SSD but
you
we have enough storage for a decent game
library
all right for our motherboard we've gone
with the Iraqi 450 pro for just a good
solid value board asrock has really gone
all-in on AMD and that's a gamble that
seems to be paying off extremely well
for them for our power supply we've gone
with the classic okay so this is EVGA
SGD series the GD is for good not great
but good you know not gonna blow up
actually gonna deliver the power it's
rated for 80 plus gold efficiency you
know no modular interface or anything
fancy like that but it's good you know
for RAM we're going with some g.skill
ripjaws wait we didn't grab the AMD
specific ones that's okay these are
pretty good specs so these are ddr4 3200
and there you go CL 16 so that's about
the sweet spot in terms of price to
performance for an AMD rise in third gen
system right there something to note
guys is man the the terminology is going
to get real confusing over the next
little bit because Rison third gen on
desktop is Zen - okay and then Rison
fourth gen on mobile is Zen - so that
means Rison fourth gen on desktop is
probably going to be the upcoming Zen
three and the numbers are just there all
over the place so first gen rising was
Zen good job AMD 2nd gen Rison was Zen +
okay good try a.m. D and then now it's
all just basically gone to crap
so for desktop Gen 3 Rison this is a
this is a good price to performance spot
to be in and for graphics we've gone
with the RT X 2060 I believe this is the
K oh don't quote me on that I'm gonna
have to message Jake I don't see
anything indicating on the box anywhere
that this oh yeah this the giant K oh
right there silly me I was looking at
the
number how how funny what is what a
silly thing to do and then I was also
looking at the yes the part number but
no there were no indications there just
just this ko right here so this is the
ko which is actually based on the same
physical GPU as the 2070 if I recall
correctly so what that means is that
even though the clock speeds and
functional units are a little bit
different from a normal 2060 it will
perform very similarly in games but
actually a little bit better in
professional applications that can make
use of its extra its extra oomph oh yeah
case we've gone with a deep cool metrics
55 v 3 so without further ado why don't
we why don't we get started
let's build a computer ladies and
gentlemen okay guys I'm building the
computer you guys are if you guys are
gonna just talk about nothing but the
facial hair I'm gonna have to get rid of
it that's the way it's gonna have to be
it's it's becoming a distraction for the
class alright I am I am trying to make a
video here and literally 90% of the
comments are about the beard so the
story behind the beard is that I was
stuck at home for a couple of days and I
sort of realized that while I was at
least bothering to get dressed in the
morning I was not really finding the
time to go through my my full morning
routine I always brush my teeth I can't
stand like to funk and bad breath is a
is a as a personal trigger of mine like
there's just there's just no excuse for
it it's not that much work to have
breath that doesn't stink but I hadn't
bothered to shave for a couple of days
and I was like oh you know that would be
kind of mean tastic why don't I just why
don't I just not shave the entire time
that I'm in self-isolation and then I
had sorry in fact I had only intended to
be isolated for like a couple of days
because I was going to go back to work
after having been symptom free for 24
hours and I had plans to be symptom-free
for 24 hours basically immediately well
it didn't work out that way and I ended
up just actually being sick so now I
just actually have a beard all right so
let's go ahead and this board is
evidently not completely new because it
wouldn't normally ship with the back
plate taken off but yeah I would
probably used it for a previous project
or something like that a lot of people
ask hey guys you know what do you do
with all those computers you build it's
like wow if only we had the technology
to take apart a computer and reuse it
for a different project so that we would
have you know that Hardware still to use
for other projects that that is exactly
that is exactly what we do when we're
done with a computer build we take it
apart and we reuse it a lot of the time
I mean every once in a while the machine
will get left together like Jake managed
to convince me to leave his copper
copper machine together because he kind
of needed a new workstation for work
anyway
so we made a deal where he had to change
out the CPU and like take out one of the
graphics cards or something but yeah
he's using that still but for the most
part yeah we just take them we just take
them apart and then throw them on the
shelf and then when we need to do like
you know an $800 build tutorial on a
stream or something then we reuse it for
that so I'm gonna go ahead and get this
board back to its default state where we
run into trouble is when we forget to
fully take them apart like when we
accidentally leave em to s on
motherboards excuse me MDOT twos on
motherboards that has been a real
problem for us over the last little bit
all right so let's do the CPU first ride
in 530 600 X this thing is such a boost
a boost sorry I was I was reading the
boost clocks off the box to doubles to
double check what they were this thing
is such a beast like six core processor
for this price would have been
unthinkable you know back even like for
four or five years ago when six core and
actually many more core than that
processors were readily available just
really expensive AMD has really made
that that
super-small these days so there's my
little golden triangle I'm gonna line
that up with the little triangle on the
motherboard here so the way to know
which way it goes is if you're holding
the board in a sensible orientation like
wait why is that not going in get in
there here we go all right that's better
if you're holding the board and a
sensible orientation like with the i/o
down the text will be the right way haha
you know you'd think they would think of
stuff like that you know what we should
do is we should just make it so that the
text is right side up when the user is
installing it with the motherboard
sitting right side up there you go AMD
there's an idea for you free of charge
all I want is like 20 bucks
okay just send me a $20 check you can
use my idea your text will be right side
up when people install it it'll be super
easy to instruct people to orient their
cpu correctly from now on now it used to
be that the CPU socket could be oriented
like any which way on the motherboard
and something like that might not be
practical but these days the the
guidance for the keep out zones and all
that stuff pretty much dictate that
people put the socket on the same way
now someone I guess theoretically could
engineer a board where it was already in
two differently and that would break the
whole system but that wouldn't be my
problem all right
let's go ahead and install our memory
Wow look at that Jake even pre opened
the tabs for me
he didn't it's probably matias or tyler
whoever took a part in the previous
system we had a we had eivin are our
resident our formerly residents laven
for for a cameo appearance in a video a
little while ago every time I install
Ram I think of him what is it
roses are red violets are blue
something-something memory slots for and
to the the the general rule though in
the way that's easier for me to remember
it aside from just thinking of him is
that you want to have as much room for
your heatsink as possible most systems
get only after their memory slots
popular
so generally speaking you would find the
primary slots farther from the CPU
giving it more room to breathe all right
next up we've got our MDOT - I am I'm
very curious about what exactly it is
that inspired HP to get into the the DIY
parts market because the funny thing
about it is companies like Dell or HP or
Acer they engineered their own versions
of all kinds of things from motherboards
to SSDs to power supplies and and they
do real engineering for them even if
they aren't you know let's say Alienware
okay even if Alienware just by Dell is
not a manufacturer of power supplies and
they get it built by you know FSP or C
Sonic or whoever the case may be they
still a lot of the time as part of
specking out that unit will do real
engineering work on it and so it's
always been kind of you know baffling to
me that there's less crossover right
because you see the guys that build
custom parts getting into the system
building game I mean look at NZXT with
their build so you can now order a
system from NZXT
whoops anyway but it always kind of
confused me that they didn't really go
the other way I mean or it confused me a
little bit like I didn't want any of
that stuff so I thought you know ah well
maybe they just assume it's like not
good enough to compete in the custom
space but that these actually seem to
have a pretty good reputation so pretty
pretty bog-standard
its god it looks like yep four NAND
flash chips on it it's got a dram cache
back there actually it looks like it's
got two deer and cache tips I'm just
gonna take this label off so we can have
a look here oh they have rebranded the
controller if I had to guess I'd say
it's from like FISA nor something
there's no way HP built their own SSD
controller is there that would that
would surprise me that would surprise me
very very much guys let me know in the
comments do you know who makes the
controller on this Drive
I don't see anyone wow the chat is going
real quick fast styles alright let's go
ahead and get this drive installed while
we see if anyone knows what controllers
on this thing real Belton says why not
just use it two and a half inch SST well
because the pricing of MDOT to nvme SSDs
has gotten so close to SATA that you
might as well just use an MDOT two and
there are cases where there can be a
benefit to using an MDOT two so for one
thing it's easier to install I'm done
already I don't have to run any cables
or anything like that and for number two
there are situations where you will get
better performance if you happen to plug
in a thunderbolt external drive which
you won't be doing on this because it's
not thunderbolt but I believe that
should be a 10 gig USB type-c so if you
were to plug in like a USB 3.0 point -
Jen - batchi I don't know what they call
them if you were to plug in a USB 3 10
gigabit drive then and copy a file it
would finish faster - an nvme SSD in in
a way that really affects your life in a
meaningful way probably not but if you
have the performance you might as well
take it right well apparently it's
silicon motion makes the controller for
HP's SSD they've done some decent stuff
with less low but I mean nothing that's
gonna be competitive with like you know
a samsung pro series or anything like
that but certainly a functional you know
dram cached SSD with a decent controller
on it so uh what else we got that was it
for CPU motherboard memory SSD I always
feel like these builds are you know
gonna be over in no time especially now
that you load so many things onto the
motherboard itself before you have to
really even start building a computer
but then you start to do the bigger
things like power supply and cable
management the tedious stuff it's like
oh yeah that took very long time in
there alright let's go ahead and get to
our cooler installed so think about
rising is that you can talk all day
about you know needing great cooling for
your computer system
because you want to overclock or
whatever the case may be but the cold
hard truth is risin don't really
overclock much AMD has got these things
tuned to the max pretty much out of the
box and as long as the motherboard
makers are implementing their BIOS
correctly you're gonna get a basically
peak performance out of your risin 3rd
gen CPU you can overclock but you're
getting into pretty exotic cooling
solutions if you want to see a
significant performance boost so unless
you're after silent operation the stock
cooler ain't a bad way to go and we're
looking to save a buck on this system so
we're going with it I am regretting
putting back the CPU socket to its stock
configuration now because actually this
cooler which is what is this the race
whatever the crap guys which which
Wraith is this help me out I can't
remember this cooler actually screws
into the backplate which is a much
better mounting system than this stupid
plastic clip thing that AMD has had
going on for years and years I don't
know why they just didn't do away with
the plastic clip system altogether like
if you're going to have to include these
metal screws and a backplate which cost
was one of the considerations for why
they had these plastic clips on in the
past if you're gonna have to have the
backplate and these metal screws anyway
why not just make the standard mounting
mechanism screw into that which
apparently they did so then just why Bob
why bother with any of this I don't know
just you just do away with those plastic
things once and for all that's the way
that I would like to have it done I'm
just gonna change my ya screwdriver bit
here link me the shopping list of this
build says Reuben sandwich Wraith spire
thanks ladies and gentlemen so this is
the Wraith spire apparently the links to
all the parts for this build are
actually in the video description on
YouTube already but you're you're
watching on twitch because you prefer
twitch for whatever reason they're also
linked in the video description on
floatplane which oh I'm so sorry
floatplane chat I haven't
how'd you guys up but I'm gonna bring
you up now on my laptop here Cepheid men
kind of want to see line this with a
loop beard okay you guys are only
talking about the beard over there
everyone's just talking about the beard
guys I'm trying to now I feel like you
know a woman with breasts might feel
sometimes like look can you focus on the
content you know for two seconds no just
stop stop with the you know secondary
sexual characteristics alright
Krispy says I love you please reply all
right I have replied hopefully I haven't
opened up a can of worms here I've
replied but I'm not interested happily
happily married alright alright
there's our cooler and I'm gonna do my
trademark little knot here
I still remember finding one of the
computers that I had built like many
years prior at the at BSEP you hold on
that's why I was like CB fan to come CB
fan one right there at the NCIX
auction and I could tell it was mine
because one of my old little tricks back
before it was commonplace for even stock
coolers to have sleeved cables was to
tie the three individual wires into a
braid so that they would stay together
and look a little bit I don't know it
was distinctive it was distinctive if
nothing else I did not forget thermal
paste guys I should have mentioned that
though this cooler was brand-new and
already had a thermal pad on the bottom
so don't worry guys all good you
probably couldn't tell because this
webcam ain't great hold on
where did it go oh there it is I had
intended to use a classic our old
Blackmagic Cinema Camera for our B cam
for this but I realized as I was about
to go live see it's working it's working
great all these years later yeah yeah so
I had intended to use this as our B cam
but I realized right as I needed to go
live and I was getting
setup I forgot it's SDI out which is a
feature not a bug like that was a big
deal a camera at this price with this
image quality with professional features
like SDI out and I don't have an SDI
capture card at my house so I'm stuck
with the webcam again unfortunately Oh
hold on I'm gonna turn this off you will
see some footage off this thing over on
short circuit though if you're not
subscribed on short circuit make sure
that you are
that's our quaternary Channel I guess at
this point the Linus tech tips tech
quickie tech linked I mean we could
count channel super-fun we could count
LMG clips channels today I actually
don't even know what the term is anyway
make sure you're subscribed on short
circuit all right what do we got next
here oh this is important always keep
track of things when you are building a
machine because you never know when
someone's going to need these screws in
these clips six months down the line
when this has been sitting on the shelf
for however long yes SDI is boss it just
kind of screwed me over today it's funny
because I even thought of it when I
asked them to send me over the AV io
capture card the HDMI one I was like
maybe should send the sdi-12 just in
case but then I was like I don't have
any SDI stuff at my house got someone
asking I don't know the chats moving too
fast I can't tell got someone asking
what laptop this is this is the XPS 13
two and one I am obligated to disclose
that I did a sponsored video on this one
but that is not in fact why I use it I
just really like it and then the skin on
it I managed to convince D brand to dig
up some of their old carbon-fiber pink
much to the chagrin of the owner over
there I just told him I wasn't going to
put a D brand skin on my laptop if he
couldn't find me any of the pink and so
he he acquiesced why do I take these
SATA cables oh I don't need those all
right that's fine so we're gonna do some
tidy up put our SATA cables away but our
extra mounting hardware away
anti-static bag away all right
motherboards prepped got the i/o shield
let's go ahead and move on to the case
there's what from the eighties what do
you what do you float playing guys
talking about wouldn't be as bad if you
could lower the exposure on the webcam I
think it's set to auto and the reason
for that is that I am next to a window
in order to get enough light in here and
the Sun keeps getting covered or
uncovered by the clouds so I had to
leave it on auto so that it would
compensate for that all right let's get
the case open shall we oh there's a
couch behind me yep
tripped on it don't worry I'm good okay
good I'm still working oh I don't
actually know if this one is brand new
Earth has been used before cases are
always the really fun one to grab out of
our warehouse because I would say a good
60% of the time if they've been used
before not all the hardware was put back
properly thank you my staff oh man
you know when you can tell you're gonna
get zapped like the hairs on my arms are
standing up just moving close to this
thing I'm gonna get it over with
that wasn't bad it's probably gonna get
me again where I take the styrofoam off
oh wow this got this got hurt in
shipping this is why this stiff foam
sucks so much because especially once
someone let's say a system integrator
were to load up a full system in the
thing it's a lot more weight and one hit
on this stuff even with just the case
inside it's done so another hit and you
start getting some really really bad
stuff happening if you've got a full
system loaded in there did anyone notice
Linus's proofs a 3d printer are you
talking about I already sent that back
to the office ah that's weird
yeah no it's not here
yeah no I sent that back with Matias
this morning so that's for a video that
we've done supporting operation shields
up that's going to be coming up probably
within the next
I don't know hopefully the next very
short period of time but yeah we've
actually got over 20 proofs of 3d
printers running at the office right now
making face shields so it should be
pretty cool all right
sorry chat you're out of the reflection
now I seem to be short one of the thumb
screws for the tempered glass side panel
at least the side panel didn't break
though I've got what appears to be RGB
wiring this case have RGB that would be
very unlike Jake to blow extra budget on
RGB on a build like this for 800 bucks
so it must just not cost more or
something are we really are we really
short of screw I do hear some stuff
rattling around in there it might just
come out though that sounded like a
screw right okay we're gonna have to do
this the patient way I can see that this
case has been used there's one of the
PCI bracket things pulled up already
that's the super cheap way of doing that
well it's gonna be the best way to show
you guys what I'm doing here cuz I
realize now that that webcam angle kinda
needs to change
and I do not have a convenient way to
change it it's unfortunately not on like
like a flexi arm or anything like that
it's just on a c-stand okay where is
that thing that's rattling around in
here I don't see it it's not behind the
front panel is it was a front panel come
off this thing
ow my face hey hold on where's my
where's my camera switcher oh dude got
it so there's uh all four of our
tempered glass side panel retention
screws we good all right fantastic well
you know what we could do is we could
just build the system up right and then
maybe I could just angle it up a bit
Hey yeah that can make that work
gentlemen
there we go all right well I'm gonna pop
the front panel back on for now it looks
like the way the cooling is configured
in this case is three fans for intake
unfortunately that's not a filtered
intake it does have like kind of little
grills here but I I think dust will get
caught on them but I wouldn't describe
them as a filter and there's also not a
ton of like intake area here so those
those three fans might just be kind of
necessary to maintain decent cooling and
the thing I figured out what the RGB was
for so it looks like there's an RGB
light strip down here and that's wired
in right here other than that nothing is
wired into the front which seems to be
tempered glass so that's nice because
the i/o is all right here so we've got
power USB three USB to an LED control
button and headphone and microphone
jacks all right let's go ahead and get
our i/o shield installed fun fact one of
my staff was telling me that apparently
a soos patented the built-in IO shield
which is why they're the only ones that
do that so there you go the more you
know it really is quite nice
I do like it because this is a good way
to cut yourself mind you half the reason
for that is that this is a really cheap
IO shield I still think there is an
amazing business opportunity out there
for someone to produce custom IO shields
like it could not be that hard I'm not
saying it would be easy and like I could
do it in an afternoon I'm just saying I
think it's got to be doable for someone
to be able to make like like like a
machine learning thing or or or
something like a smart scanner of some
sort where people could basically send
like a couple key angles like pictures
from a couple key angles of their
motherboard and you would be able to
spit out like a custom like just
laser-cut IO shield that would match it
I think there's a lot of people out
there with motherboards that are missing
their IO shields that would pay like if
it was a decent board that I was trying
to that I was like trying to use I would
pay I'd say $14.99
I think I'd pay 15 bucks for an IO
shield for it if I didn't have it
MSI apparently uses pre-installed
shields - okay how did I miss that oh
there you go that's rock apparently does
it - well there you go see this is what
happens this is this is why I do have to
try to keep up on these things rather
than you know hash tag lie Ness just let
them do everything for me because
sometimes they get it wrong okay so
let's have a look at how everything is
pre-wired in here oh boy I don't have
snips mm-hmm that could be slightly
problematic
I will call my beautiful wife to
hopefully bring me a thing I need
yeah man have you guys been watching the
stock market lately I don't I have
nothing invested thankfully right now no
gold no stocks nothing but man this
rollercoaster is just it's wild so I
watched the tech stocks just to so that
I know what's going on but like Nvidia
is down four point five two percent
today
AMD down four point two seven percent
and you know they'll go up ten percent
another day hi could I get side cutters
super chats oh yeah yeah super chats he
means people who subscribe on floatplane
and contribute to us regularly right
just kidding super chats are good too in
other news flow plane ah yeah ambi
crashed watching her watching the
Bitcoin subreddit right now oh I know
right whether you're a bowl or a bear
for Bitcoin you're right these days man
those are side cutters yes my dear um
actually I should have probably told you
this before you went out to the garage
and came back could I also have some
cable management supplies wow these are
horrible I think I have another pair of
side cutters with a dark blue handle I
can't cut this is unbelievable I have
never encountered a worse pair of side
cutters than this I cannot cut oh man I
can't cut this plastic cable tie like it
seems to be functional like there's not
a lot to go wrong here but I cannot cut
it I should throw these away
they're quite literally the worst oh
these must belong to my dad or like must
have belonged to him at some point be
cuz I don't know if I'm gonna be able to
show you guys this they're completely
flat they're not side cutters their side
mashers they're like senior citizen side
cutters no they're not supposed to be in
sharp things and these also aren't sharp
these can be literally thrown away
they're unusable
thank you you're the best you know those
aren't just words right you really are
the best she's the best
all right let's store the psycho shield
back on here okay he's good all right
let's go ahead and cut off this old
cable management that's how that was
supposed to go in the first place okay
man this doesn't give me a lot of room
to stand over here this angle bit that's
okay
all right so there's all our front i/o
we can deal with that later here's our
front fans so what the crap are these
plugged into I don't really understand
what's going on here like what are all
these what are all these other fan leads
coming off of this I am legitimately
super confused okay so I'm just gonna
unplug all of the front fans there we go
what is this it seems to be a five-way
fan splitter so there's one power plug
there you go I can't remember it would
this be female or male I don't know it
doesn't matter let's say female it's one
female one two three four five male
connectors I mean as long as you don't
you know exceed the current limit of
your your header I guess that's fine but
then what is all this oh this has got to
be RGB but why are there so many things
plugged into it already
uh-huh main
okay well I guess we're just gonna kind
of wing it with those I'm not adding any
more RGB to the case so what I'll
probably do is just like cram it up
there
throw a cable tie on it and call that
good all right well why are the fans
back in later in the meantime why don't
we go ahead and install the power supply
sorry I gotta make sure that whatever
messages I'm getting or not about oh man
okay
yeah that's not the most disastrous
thing ever but pretty pretty brutal
so I filmed a video last night where I
tried to film a video last night about
dye infusing the tops of key caps to
make your own custom full color key caps
super cool topic unfortunately we
accidentally bought dye that was not
like infusion dye it was just regular
printer ink so I went to not my fault by
the way
not my fault but I went to do it and it
didn't work at all so our plan to finish
the video today was to just go to a shop
that is set up for for printing with
infusion dye and and then just use that
just be like hey well lol we did it
wrong but hey learn from our mistakes
and it's fine don't worry we've got
something let's show you how to actually
press them onto the key caps now
unfortunately the shop we were planning
to use apparently let go of all of their
staff and the soonest they're going to
be able to get us anything is next week
see this this is how the economy crashes
right it's like everyone panics because
business is down gets rid of all their
staff and then now they have no staff so
when the business is ready to come back
well now it's not just a coronavirus
blip now it's a downturn in your
business and a very significant one
I mean I'm not like I'm not trying to
lecture people I'm not saying that they
necessarily had a choice a lot of small
businesses if they're lucky might have a
month worth of worth afloat and just
because you have a month's float doesn't
mean you want to burn it all in one go
like I can see why people would panic
after a week or two like especially
really cutthroat industries like the
restaurant industry it's brutal it's
brutal out there but it also just does
become a bit of a self-fulfilling
prophecy when as a reaction to a
downturn you slash all your staff and
then you have no way to fulfill orders
it's all I'm saying so our goal before
the downturn actually had a conversation
with with Luke about floatplane as well
he's like look hey I don't know where
your headspace is at but like you know
if there's anything that we can do to
make sure that you know everyone's job
is protected and I was like yeah yeah
don't worry dude you've been working
with me a long time you know my personal
goal mine and Yvonne's goal for this
entire thing is for no one in either of
our companies to lose their jobs we may
ask some people to apply for the
Canadian government's benefits which
will be paid out through AI and we will
have to issue them a record of
employment but technically you're
supposed to issue a record of employment
any time your your wages are interrupted
for I think it's seven days anyway that
doesn't mean you lose your job you just
have to issue an ro a week and the
reason for us having them go through the
government is then it doesn't cost us
anything and it's actually very similar
to the sick pay program that we put in
place anyway so we're doing we're doing
two weeks just covered by us out of
pocket and if for whatever reason you're
not ready to come back to work after two
weeks then we're asking people to go
through the government but they have not
lost their job 100% they still have
their job I am having a really hard time
putting this screw into the power supply
Hey look okay really wish I had my
orange screwdriver right now but it's
actually dead the ratchet mechanism has
just completely gone in the last
probably I don't know a couple weeks or
so there we go finally got one I mean it
shouldn't surprise any of you guys if
you're if you're woke that I don't know
how to put in the power supply right
take take the take the wool off from
from over your eyes wake up and smell
the kibble you know that's an old
reference Jason Wade says and my dogs
are barking one sec dude you're in the
YouTube chat nobody can hold a
conversation in there anyway who are you
talking to I'm like I'm not gonna you
know what actually I will wait I'm gonna
wait for Jason I'm gonna read some
floatplane some floatplane chats until
Jason gets back after having dealt with
his dog what do we got here Oh f F for
respects thanks guys that's very very
helpful contribution you're making right
there - did you update the BIOS I
believe because this board has been used
fairly recently the BIOS is in fact
updated yes Jason are you back yet can I
continue I'm not seeing Jason there yet
that's fine Jason I can wait you go you
go put your dog outside or whatever
Jason must have a big house cuz like
he's been gone for a while still not
back I mean either that or the dog is
like you know not being cooperative
though going outside like sometimes
you're like you know go on go on go out
and they like they look like they're
gonna go but then they like stop and I'm
like yeah go on get out and then you and
then you kind of get up from your chair
and then they're like oh yeah I'm going
I'm going
and then you kind of sit back down
because like yeah I faked him into it or
her into it and then they're like uh but
do I really have to go and then you have
to like actually get up and go like take
them out sorry Jason we really can't
wait any longer unfortunately so you're
either you know if you're such a big
baller that you have like a gigantic
house anyway then I think you can get
someone to build a computer for you if
you can't tune into the whole stream
here and see how
screw these screws into the power supply
oh I'm not I don't even have the right
angle for you guys anyway no let's get
you let's get you that right angle this
keyboard always goes to sleep so I have
really been takin my sweet oh oh is
Jason back you know what good timing
Jason he actually really didn't miss
much wait a minute
Oh weird EVGA puts two full sets of
screw holes on their power supplies so
you can screw them in however you want
wow that's neat
very cool good job EVGA they say they
think of little things like that you
know all right so let's go ahead and do
some rudimentary cable management here
get most of these things going to the
right places let's try not to lose my
laptop miss Becca says the perfect
occasion for an orange LTT edition
screwdriver I would be lying if I said
we hadn't thought of that but I can say
no more unfortunately all right we're
gonna run our eighth pin there we go
that's the CPU eight pin you can tell
because it splits into four and four
rather than six and to run that up
through the top top and ROM it up here
there you go so that's ready to be where
it needs to be uh how many plugs do we
need on this ko graphics card I'm just
gonna check that real quick here wow
that is some kind of kludgy but so
definitely effective packaging EVGA you
can tell this is one of those like
Nvidia calls them up like hey we've got
a bunch of these GPUs we need to do a
Randal card with them you want to take
them all and they're like oh yeah let's
figure out how to package this I guess
we're just gonna cut a sheet of foam and
wrap it around it because we're not
going to design custom packaging for
like a weirdo one-off like this RTX 2060
oh yeah here we go to a single eight pin
that's what we're gonna need that's like
a long ko tradition I remember the
actually no it wasn't Takei Oh is the
7900 gto was another one of those EVGA
nvidia collabs where nobody else had
that that card at that price and they
were just basically clearing out all the
7900 GT X's but at like half the price
it's a common tactic to create a new SKU
that's basically the same thing at a
lower price rather than trashing the
price of your you know your GTX like
your top of the line series does this
power supply not have any molex
connectors oh no it does there's one at
the end here and then on the other one
there's two at the end okay it does it
does have molex connectors we might not
need any of them cuz it looks like the
fans all wait yes we will we're gonna
need one SATA connector look at that
just for the RGB button up at the top of
the case we can go ahead and wire that
up now unplug this connector if you use
motherboard to control the lighting oh I
guess we could use the motherboard to
control the lighting actually what would
be the easiest way to do that though hmm
I could not tell you I guess I'd have to
have all the same connect oh I guess I
just need yeah one of these style
connectors which I definitely do not
have right now alright alright so we're
gonna plug this in in terms of cable
management I think I'm just gonna jam
all of the SATA and molexes down here in
the front of the power supply under the
basement
this is a live build not a you know I
have three hours to cable manage I mean
have someone else cable manage for me
and then come back and is magically done
so you guys are gonna see how I actually
build a computer when I'm in a hurry to
get something done I want this behind
the 24 pin so we'll just cram that in
there a little cram that in a little bit
more go ahead and do some more cramming
feel like I'm back in school I'm doing
so much cramming right now cram fam fam
family friend cram cram cram good spark
planning we're cramming maximum damage a
and it's gone beautiful its cable
managed alright
power supplies installed let's go ahead
and throw the motherboard in shall we
what are the odds this case has all of
the appropriate standoffs already
installed in it look at that it does
this is gonna be so easy it's gonna be
like high-level easy
you know like 3.14 out of 10 easy or
difficulty yeah no no like 10 out of 7
out of 10 easy there 3.14 difficulty all
right where my screws at
oh don't worry we good all the
essentials are still up here
oh that's how you're supposed to plug in
the RGB they've got an adapter from the
locking connector that they use to
something that you're more likely to
find on your motherboard oh cool I don't
know if this my oh it does - does it
have five volt RGB though yeah my yes it
does
it has addressable RGB down at the
bottom cool all right so it's got a
header for that nice yeah I think I've
got I think I've got everything I need
here that's a nice little touch maybe I
do understand why Jake thought it was
worth the extra for the RGB with this
case all right motherboard screws we'll
start with I really need a stronger
magnet on my screwdriver this could be a
disaster waiting to happen
Oh something I didn't show you guys
before but that I did do was bending
back this little tab on the i/o shield
here I hate those when you get them
stuck in the connector all right we only
need six screws can I do it standing up
oh okay no it's fine
all good okay oh yes this is how we're
gonna do it so we're gonna do the reach
through okay I'm gonna put this bloody
screw back on the screwdriver I'm gonna
get you guys a bit get you guys a better
angle here right oh I could have done
that ages ago oh that would have been so
much better wait what my screwdriver go
Oh got it it's here Oh where'd the screw
that was on there go well nothing we can
do about it now
come on stay on there okay here we go so
I'm just using pressure again it's the
back to hold the motherboard in place
and I need come on come on you can do it
come on there little buddy oh wait
shooter these not 632 threaded ah
they're not and whatever the crap
these m4a3 I'm for rather I'm for m3 I
can't remember can never remember that
don't know why it doesn't seem that hard
you know like I can remember the dummy
Imperial one I can't remember the metric
ones I should know metric I am Canadian
alright sweet
motherboard is basically in now that's
half the screws this is one of those
like kind of pin or skinny motherboards
it's like ATX sort of except that it's
not because it's not as long as the
standard ATX board they when they put in
the classic 10th screw hole though so
normally on a full-size ATX you would
have nine and then there's this like
extra one that back when I got into
computers Intel was the only one that's
still adhered to the the fold standard
and put that screw hole and everyone
else just did the nine but they went
they put that one on so it's a seventh
in this case while we've got easy access
to the motherboard that's the best time
to plug in all the things to it so we'll
take our our two four pins so this is
another mark of like a good but not a
great power supply these don't have any
kind of lock to hold them together so
you just got to kind of hold them while
you put them in I mean it's not that
hard if you've done it enough times you
can do it pretty quickly but it's just
dad's so you know it's a creature
comfort or rather it's a lack of a
creature comfort I do like having that
and that lock in there does make a
difference these ones actually oh yeah
again they don't have a full proper lock
they just have like a little tab I don't
mind that though that's a lot better
than having nut nothing in this case
there's a little bit too much strain on
this cable though and this is gonna be a
bit of a bear to plug in only because I
have to do it from behind the system
though I didn't have you guys here for
work for those darn kids
don't already oh well that explains why
it's not grabbing on okay there it goes
on the other side you can tell from the
arrows it's got these handy-dandy little
arrows that show you that those arrows
go together that was probably a better
way to indicate that but who am I to
critique oh right a critic ha ha do you
guys see that I think it was on
Instagram or something Twitter I don't
know but someone posted that their dad
looks just like the food critic from
ratatouille it's amazing he does he
looks just like it like him forget his
name we watched that movie with our kids
pretty recently great movie feel like
there's a there's this kind of divide
for Pixar movies there's the ones that
are like really great movies and then
there's the ones that sell a lot of toys
like cars cars is terrible it's awful
it's not not good at all in any way but
man the number of cars bedspreads that
I've seen over the years it's like yep
yep that did pretty well it's like it's
no mystery why they didn't make another
Incredibles for 12 years or whatever
because I don't think Incredibles sells
a lot of toys back so Drive says you
just don't like Larry the Cable Guy I
don't mind Larry the Cable Guy at all my
problem is Owen Wilson like nothing
personal against him I'm sure he's a
fine human being I just I just I can't
stand it Wow Wow
Wow cars Wow I can't I just can't
and like that's his shtick and that
works and you know he has been a great
success as a rom-com you know actor and
like I'm sure he's done something more
serious than that at some point I don't
know I don't watch it cuz I just I just
I can't do it I just can't do it I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry it's some duck
so we've got some Owen Wilson fans that
are like not happy right now but you
know not everyone can be a fan of
everything you know so cars bad movie
but also I could be biased AF so there's
that
yeah if Owen Wilson's watching this
channel his heart is broken I don't know
I mean all of like all of production
land is basically shut down right now
for all I know he is watching this
channel but I doubt it if you are I'm
sorry dude I
yeah I mean it's like like I said it's
nothing personal I'm sure you're a fine
fine human being what you mean this line
is not like people from the south has
nothing to do with being is even from
the South what even talking about that's
not a southern accent that is an Owen
Wilson accent if you say gee Wow no
one's like Oh what southern city are you
pretending you have an accent from
they're like oh oh and Wilson southern
accent power switch oh there's no reset
switch on this case that can't be a bit
of a pain in the butt but it's like it's
one of those things where it only costs
you five seconds to hold down the power
button but the only time you need a
reset switch is when you're like really
mad already so I'm always kind of torn
when I see no reset switch like it's not
a real problem it's just something that
I get really frustrated by when when I'm
really frustrated already and I realize
I have no reset switch
apparently Larry the Cable Guy is a fake
southerner do you ever watch Formula One
no I can't say that I do I am I am NOT a
car guy in in the in the truest sense
guys I just I just don't care it's like
for me there's there's one critical
question I've got to ask myself when it
comes to Motorsports or like Motor
Vehicles really because not motorsports
I'm not really into any motor sports but
for motor vehicles there's there's one
question how many wheels does it have
and if the answer is more than two then
we in trouble because it ain't gonna
gonna pique my interest I really got to
get my bike on the road I haven't
insured it yet this season and I'm like
I can always feel it around this time of
year like I'll just be kind of cranky
I'll be like what what is it and then
I'll be like motorcycle withdrawal I go
I insure my bike I go up for a ride you
know get the wind whipping around me
yeah that's better
totally take takes care of it every
season every season I didn't ride that
much and I don't get out on the track or
anything like that
I had a track day planned I was gonna go
down to Laguna Seca with a friend and I
was gonna do my first track day I was
super super excited about it and then it
ended up being cancelled due to
coronavirus obviously that's a very
first world problem I'm not saying that
you know you guys should feel bad for me
or anything I just I was jazzed to do it
and I didn't get a chance to because we
haven't really brought out in a long
time since he moved down there so would
have been really nice to hang out with
my friend and also go ride my bike real
fast around the track but we weren't
able to make it happen I did leave
things I hope on good terms with those
guys and they're still hopefully gonna
be in business when all this is over so
I would like to get down there but did
not work out for now all right so that's
it front IO is hooked up I realize I
kind of
stops talking to you guys about what I'm
doing for a little bit there so let's do
a quick recap
so we plugged in front panel audio over
here it only goes in one way
plugged in front USB 2 right there
plugged in the front switches they're
conveniently labeled on this motherboard
I don't understand why any motherboard
doesn't have them labeled I mean you
already have to silkscreen a bunch of
crap onto the PCB you might as well so
screen the labels for that so that's
really nice
USB 3 is right here 24 pin 8 pin and
that's everything that we need to
connect to the motherboard with the
exception haha whoops almost got almost
got got right there with the exception
of this right here so this is a 4 pin
not that this this is a 4 pin
addressable
RGB connector and I'm gonna put that
onto the header on the motherboard so we
can actually use software to control the
RGB lighting in the case super-nice love
it love it actually should I bother you
know what I don't care okay that's what
we would do I'm not gonna bother though
because then I have to install software
to show you guys the RGB lighting so I'm
just gonna hook it up to the button
that's built into the case is a nice
implementation I like it it's nice to
have that choice you know oh cool and
they even include a little adapter so
you can take their connector that
they're using plug that into the end of
the string you've already got and then
plug in some standard strips real nice
you guys thought of everything I didn't
you good job
deep cool alright I am going to use
their adapter doodad for my fans I'm
actually gonna use we're gonna tie it in
to CPU temps so I'm gonna use the alt
CPU connector up here which is also like
a pump connector that's gonna handle all
of our ah should be you know let's use
it let's use a case fan connector I'll
use a chassis that's a connector so I'm
gonna use the one down here this is a
nice value boards have come such a long
way like I remember back in the day
you'd be lucky if you had you know two
fan headers one for CPU and one back
here for a rear case fan on like a
budget board nowadays you can get like a
decent motherboard with everything you
really need for not a lot of money
all right should we plug in a graphics
card I think you should I already ran
through this a little bit earlier on the
stream but for those of you who weren't
here the r-tx 2060 KO from EVGA is a
special edition r-tx 2060 that is going
to have about the same performance as a
regular one in games but because it uses
physically a different graphics
processing unit
it'll have better performance in like
compute applications so if you're a pro
on a budget and you're looking for a GPU
this is basically the way to go oh as a
DVI connector oh I wonder if that's how
they nerf it I didn't realize this only
has a single DisplayPort connector
that's a bit of a drag honestly speaking
huh well that's how they nerfed it cool
now we know we're gonna go ahead and
clunk that bad boy right there
and I went and put away all the screws
and I still need some of those so now we
need 632 is the ones at the back of the
case are always 632 almost always 632
basically only 632 oh okay this is a bit
of a design flaw in the case that's not
great when you've got like a big old
barrier interfering with plugging in the
screws that sort of total bytes that's
real hard to put in straight there
those thumb screws it wouldn't be quite
so bad because then you could at least
start them easily
oh that doesn't help them doing this
left-handed either well be fine if I was
doing it left-handed the problem is that
I'm not doing it left-handed because I
am not leftenant
I'm just doing it with my left hand okay
you know it's better to better to not do
something at all than to do it with your
left hand that's what I
tell my wife yeah this sucks
okay that's in there hi I'm not
bothering to put in the other one
because one is enough I have an SV 650 s
David Shaw all right well that's in
there
not the greatest experience everything
nappin and met n says shave please shave
and soapy lmao - homeless tips yeah well
you know look it's only during the cove
aid it's only during Mike ovid isolation
oh let's see
sorry I just got to put this so when I
said your 8-pin you can tell which one's
the CPU because it's four by four or
four and four instead of six and two so
you can tell this one's PCI Express
there we go all right cool
oh I wish this connector wasn't just
dangling there but like I said it's a
good power supply not a not a great play
there you go all right
this computer is like mostly built at
least from this side still got some work
to do let's plug in let's do it let's do
some cable management first so our eight
pin is gonna go into these little
convenient cable management spots right
along the edge here that are designed
for just such an occasion all right you
guys see what I'm doing oh it would
probably be better to change the camera
wouldn't it we can do that all right
first let me just put that bad boy on
there there we are
Oh - who cares about cable management
come on guys we got to try at least a
little bit of to sort of look like we
thought about making an effort how about
that that'll be the standard for this
for this build so I'll throw that guy on
there you don't actually need that many
cable ties to take it from total rat's
nest to fairly reasonable all right pop
that on right there Patapsco
this is actually an SSD mount not a
cable type point but I'm not mounting a
SATA SSD so I don't care now it's a
capable time mounting point there we go
those guys can sit there like that
a little something Lyman it seems
alright this can you jam down there
you know we jammin now I'm just gonna
tie that one down there actually as we
get to the front of the case here
there's a little bit more that I might
want to tie together in one one bundle
so that looks that looks pretty good for
one bundle yeah
can't tell if you guys can see what I'm
doing or not the challenge of not having
a camera operator that's ok I'm
embracing I'm embracing my isolation
here I might never go back to the office
I'm going back to the office working
from home is not as good I was working
from the office it was kind of fun for a
little bit but then it was over
it's really tight got it so now we're
we're gonna put them side by side so
that it'll go down flat enough that
we're gonna be able to close that side
panel and then we're gonna go ahead and
we're gonna we're gonna jam all these
extra bits what is this this come from
oh yeah I know this is this is for the
front fans doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
so we're gonna run this over here for
now and then we're just gonna jam all
these extra bits down into the bottom of
the case there look I said we were just
trying to make it look like we tried a
bit I didn't say we were doing a perfect
job here yeah there we go
not bad not great but not bad
there's our fans what is that oh okay
[Music]
cool alright um here's all the RGB white
oh you'd be wearing a stuck under there
and when I show you guys the table that
I'm working on you are going to flip out
I'll show you at the end of the stir
I can't do anything to it right now but
it's kind of hilarious
all right I'm just gonna jam all the RDB
wiring under there there we go and then
yeah I'll like secure it right there
cool
trust me it's like the funniest thing
ever you will love it let me just say
this table is not is not a chest height
or a waist height table at all it's it's
a much lower table alright let's plug in
these so we'll go right there no go
right can this one reach one of them I'm
just gonna undo this I this together
just so I can keep track of them and
keep all the fan power together before
alright so that goes perfect
now we're gonna jam all of it down there
hey alright I could put another cable
tie on here but I'm not gonna bother ok
maybe I should bother no it seems good
enough there that's not so bad as long
as you ignore this part which we can
because we're never gonna see it again
let's throw the side panel back on wait
no wait yes am I gonna bother to boot
this thing up do I even like need to
that was it that was how to build a
computer I guess we could turn it on to
make sure that it actually works but
then I don't have a monitor ah this
could be slightly problematic
I really did not think this through
let's see this is the problem if I was
at the office getting a monitor is just
a matter of you know hey got a
to get a grab a monitor and that'll take
one minute at home I would have to go
disentangle my desktop computer from my
from my setup that would be really
really really awful right about now
don't even have enough power outlets
here I've got one no I do maybe have
enough wait what is this does this
plugged into anything oh yeah okay maybe
I could power it up okay I will I will
consider it how would I be able to do
that though okay maybe if I killed the
webcam feed and then I actually ran it
through a capture card oh okay maybe
that could work give me one sec guys
alright here's an avi o4k handy-dandy
little USB 3 capture card I'm going to
unplug oh man I hope the stream doesn't
like crash or something okay I'm at
least gonna I'm at least gonna power it
on so we can see the lights turn on
before I try and do anything because if
I if I completely break the stream then
I'll just end it there instead of I'll
call quit while I'm ahead instead of
trying to fire it up alright so USB
three goes into that I'm in my living
room so I'm just gonna plug this into my
VR PC okay webcam then I've got just a
six foot HDMI cable here I'm gonna move
the system over to the other side there
and then I'm just gonna run this down
the front here okay that's sort of the
best we can do
okay ah now we've got ah yes good this
oh I've got another idea
Oh this could work oh this might okay we
might just be crazy enough to get away
with this guy's because where'd it go
ah yes I've got my Rockets over here
so I could go retrieve that from the
tangle of wires behind my VR PC and we
could plug that in first let's see if
the thing actually posts though because
if it doesn't we are not we're not gonna
do a whole troubleshooting stream here
so video capture device add existing 4k
okay okay so is that here
I cannot tell well I guess we're gonna
find out let's go ahead and let's go
ahead and fire it up well we'll try
we're gonna try man I've got a lot of
extension cords daisy chained here and
moment of truth
all right
she powers so that's a good sign there's
no like postcode indicator on this or
anything so we don't have too much
information yet no fans been at the
front what you talking about we got
plenty of fans spin at the front ladies
and gentlemen you just you can't really
see them they're definitely spinning in
there yeah there you go
see we got we got plenty of fans Ben
okay we got so much fan spin they're
like a more like meet Ben fans you know
so much so much spin okay um so I just
don't really know what happened with
that source I don't know oh wait let's
do it deactivate and activate on it is
that something happening
I can't tell resolution an FPS device
default uh-huh okay you've got something
that's that's it that's not the thing
not the thing all right
got a black square going on here okay
let's try that again
okay HD line oh there's your problem
haha all right all right we got the
capture card plugged in but when we plug
the HDMI into the back of the computer
you didn't put that oh wow that barely
barely reaches that might come apart at
any moment okay
unfortunately I used the one long HDMI
cable that I have at home to plug into
the camera so we're stuck with that okay
Oh interesting eight whoa looks like
jake preloaded an operating system for
me how about that okay okay we're we in
business does this thing I built in why
oh it doesn't have Wi-Fi okay I can
solve this yes yes I can solve this okay
BRB I need an Ethernet cable I need to
need to make you actually before I need
an Ethernet cable I need the cord for
the Silva okay all right let's try that
first let's just make sure make sure
that's working he has it going how you
doing I'm good how are you yeah good
thanks yourself fine just fine intended
to go in your lap but hey nice nice we
in ladies and gentlemen
I don't know what he's loaded up on here
and I think this is running it 30 Hertz
oh wow it is very hard for me to for me
to see anything I'm there all right ones
that in before the stream crashes no now
we're mostly out of the woods at this
point you guys this is this is not this
is not that okay
well I made my OBS a lot bigger all
right let's try let's see if we can
change it to Oh this mouse doesn't
tract well on this mousepad
unfortunately okay we run in 1080 and
what do you thinks gonna happen if I
change it to 60 Hertz
wish me luck here guys what's not fifty
now oh you know what my preview is
probably thirty because I'm streaming at
30fps okay well there's your problem
either way you know we're gonna we're
gonna roll with it we're gonna roll with
it let's let's fire up some some let's
do a classic let's go with a classic
shadow of the Tomb Raider all right Wow
this mouse hates this mouse pad or the
censors dirty or something because I
this is barely usable did I press go
start an offline mode let's give it a
shot what do you think what are the odds
that Jake fired this up once before so
that's authenticated already I'm gonna
go with 20% you can count on him to like
pre-install the stuff but I don't think
it's gonna be just like ready to launch
an offline mode there's no way he would
have seen that one coming
offline mode okay
library library charlie tomb Raider's
apparently running oh yeah and where
would I find that running application
wow it's really hard to see around this
camera where would I find that that
running application pray tell steam
preparing to launch how do the Tomb
Raider okay you know what meantime I'm
gonna go get an ethernet cable okay we
we got a solution here
yes Ethernet got it yes error occurred
by the way we expected that that was an
expected outcome okay hopefully we
already have Ethernet drivers
pre-installed because otherwise that is
going to be kind of a pain in the arse
all right
plug in Ken he reached the network
switch his chicken arms the answer is
yes oh man my living room is full
destroyed right now okay I cannot see
yes okay let's try that again
Boop here we go
we got this
ah okay I made that small again you know
what here let's just restart yep
okay those black bars the top I don't
know what it's doing I should do some
super chats though do your activity this
is not wide enough to work it's like oh
man the guys who worked on this
interface I'm sorry you guys I'm sure
you meant well but boy is it ever awful
oh wow there's a lot of super chats I
apologize in advance for not being able
to get through all of them you guys
there are there are far too many thanks
are alien I was like an hour and a half
ago ah read it says lay - what monitor
using on your desk at home and why I'm
using how big is the stupid thing like
that 37 inch one the the lg ultra wide
144 Hertz that's like 38 40 by 1600
I like it because it has super super
responsive pixels you can tell from the
pixels you know tommy-gun
bearded Linus hashtag no homo all right
yep thank you for that in YouTube Cody
Robert says when Joe's early today no no
man show is not early today
man show will probably end up being late
today because I'm working on this right
now no okay
why is that computer not working okay
what's up my homies says keep the beard
Robert says I sense a dollar ship I tell
her I sponsorship by Dollar Shave Club
soon no I think they're more into people
who shave right now I think I am NOT uh
Dollar Shave club's target demographic
oh you know what I wonder if I'd need to
do a quick oh it is working
oh I was looking at this dream feed yep
okay well there's your problem
okay cool so
oh man do I remember the credentials for
this okay is that not working now
dang it nothing is ever easy you know
please tell me this is working oh it was
dead for a second there you know what
I'm gonna plug into USB 3 ports not
because I think a keyboard needs USB 3
speeds but they tend to have better
power delivery and this is keyboard and
mouse over one port I'm not sure oh did
you get it
you got it I upgraded my internet
recently so I want to do a game update
before I actually play a game because
it's awesome let's see how fast it comes
down
oh it's done let's see if we can find
something else to update let's update
this one and it's done whoo I went
gigabit cuz I've been transferring
footage back to the office from my
shoots that I've been doing here at the
house so yeah it's been it's been it's
been pretty incredible and it only cost
me like an extra 10 bucks a month
compared to my existing plan so I'm
pretty stoked all right yeah I had
Yvonne callin she's like oh yeah it
looks like they don't have gigabit with
unlimited data and I'm like no no I'm
sure that they do and so we called and
not only did they have that but there
was a deal where if we signed a contract
for two years or whatever then it was
much cheaper and I have no problem
signing a contract with Telus for two
years even though I've had some bad
experiences with them just because Shah
has nothing comparable as far as I can
tell nothing on the roadmap to compete
with their with their fiber so we're
stuck with Telus for better for worse
they'd actually the service has been
excellent so I don't want I don't want
to hate on the service like that not the
customer service like the the Internet
service has been very reliable once we
got through all the whole thing where
they like sent an offer to my house and
I didn't actually have that service
available here so I said hey yeah I do
want it I want this offer but you guys
haven't installed it in my neighborhood
yet and they were like well too bad
I'm like well look I'm not the one who
sent a flier to my house why you guys
you know sending the offer for things
that aren't available and non-being
unwilling to honor them a couple months
later when you actually install in my
neighborhood anyway we got it all sorted
out it's all good all right so we're
just gonna we're just gonna run the
benchmark I guess I'm running on
medium-high disabled motion blur because
it's stupid
and let's see how this puppy performs I
mean it's gonna perform you know like
you'd expect I would think I can read
some super chats in the meantime though
this is such a jank setup oh I'm gonna
do a YouTube story right now this is
hilarious all right just turn this
around use a selfie camera just doing a
casual pc build stream here you know
building the PC with the janky ASET up
ever see I can see myself over there and
got my twitch chat and my YouTube chat
and everything look at this capture card
hovering in midair oh that was slightly
over 15 seconds okay we got to try one
more time sorry guys one sec just at
home doing a game stream game stream
that's not what I'm doing say I don't
even know what I'm doing this is why I
need my staff to great things for me
just at home doing a pc build stream you
know got my pc got my you know wall got
my incredibly janky setup twitch chat
youtube chat is that a capture card
hovering in midair yes it is alright
post that and that my friends is how the
magic is made now I got a post that to
youtube hello YouTube stories it's like
it's pretty bad compared to instagrams
implementation like this is just frozen
it'll wake up eventually but it hasn't
yet
oh I just got the message of the week I
my phone is completely locked up thank
you for that and the funny thing is I'm
only using this phone instead of the
fold because YouTube stories is
completely not available on the fold it
was working and then it wasn't and then
it was and now it isn't again really
frustrating okay we're gonna wait we're
gonna wait for the YouTube app hello
YouTube app you can do it buddy
well whatever we're just gonna post that
to Instagram for the time being and if
YouTube wants that stuff in their
stories then they can have a better app
so you look it is already posted to
Instagram just like that oh hey there it
is wait what is this that's the wrong
clip no I clicked the wrong one oh okay
I'm just gonna not interrupt it this
time I will read some super chats the
Phoenix says I should shave on stream
that's not a bad idea I think there
would be there would be riots in the
street though based on how many people
are telling me to keep the beard like
404 Belloc's and Bobby and you Shaq and
these are just all people they're
sending super chats about the beard and
Josiah oh lordy nostalgia trip one says
if I upgrade to MDOT - what's the best
man that's method to transfer the OS
from a tune 1/2 inch SSD um you know
what I'm not a hundred percent sure
because I know that those drives would
require different like I know going from
like IDE mode to HD I was a big problem
back in the day because you were
operating the SSDs controller in like a
different mode there were different
drivers involved I don't know how easy
it is to go from SATA to nvme I do see
that our benchmark run is done no that's
looking pretty swell average FPS of 107
running to
reader on medium it's a good-looking
game on medium alright what else we got
here
I quit the game yes we could play some
CS go through a capture card at 30
frames per second if you guys want to
see me fail real bad then we could do
that why don't we do that let's play
something let's play some csgo shall we
and eventually maybe this story will
post see it's still working on it it's
still working on it over there it's so
brutal it's usually better than this
this is particularly bad Boston burger
says this man knows nothing about
building computers don't fall for it
it's all a sham you're onto me Justin
thank you thanks Chris more beard stuff
Sam CH says show more breasts we might
forget about the beard alright fair
enough
Highlander I'm spending five dollars to
tell you the beard looks good and you
should keep it okay I'm I'm sorry I
can't read all the beard clippings oh I
will read anything not beard Gaal says
you may have mentioned this earlier but
using the Rison five and an ass rocked
before fifty proteins an update for the
BIOS I yes and anything that's on the
Shelf now should be updated by this
point that's only true of stock that
hasn't been updated to a newer BIOS
Robert says this there's supposed to be
a livestream chat on floatplane mobile
no I don't think that works yet yeah
it's very much a work in progress
big Benson says how far along is the
mousepad yeah kovat has not made it any
faster you are in fact correct about
that we're still working on finalizing a
supplier we want something that is up to
the quality standards that we expect sky
saying says what are you coming to
Toronto no time soon how about that
Jonathan says here's a toonie towards a
new screwdriver thank you I think I get
about 70% of that but hey it adds up it
adds up I actually have a screwdriver
plan I'm gonna get us with Simon oh look
at that
it's ready it's ready my youtube story
is ready
post hey good job good job you too that
Tony says why the KO over the 5600 XT
driver she seem to be ironed out over
here on team red and that's why because
if I had a dollar for every time I saw
the message the driver she seemed to be
mostly resolved now I would have enough
to buy a KO it's just the way it is
not a fan boy love the CPUs right now I
just like stuff that just works the
first time Joshua says wonder if you
ever saw my Rd rig reboot video is one
with the LTTE underwear in the literal
garbage fire I don't know if I did catch
that one also guys just to be clear that
doesn't mean that we haven't recommended
AMD cards in the past when the driver
issues are good and they've got them
sorted out we have recommended them many
times but the ko does happen to be a
particularly great value right now
especially if you do more than just game
jack wall says I have a printer and want
to help with the face shield project
where can I find the clear bit its
laser-cut I forget what material is that
we're using but that's going to be in
the video that we're gonna have up
pretty shortly thanks Andy Xiang yeah X
I oMG however I pronounced that thanks
Tom
appreciate the super chat I'm almost at
the end ok no more super tacks don't
send more super chats
thanks Adam quazy thanks cat chiku nick
says refund of the unsolicited refund
colton gave me for my LTX nephew i told
you it's fine we had no problem giving
you a refund for it wow that's a $200
super chat 200 euro super chat now that
the canadian dollar is worth nothing
that's a lot well thank you very much
but like I really feel like the right
thing for us to do was to refund you it
is what it is I guess at this point
thank you very much alright let's move
on to okay that's it for super super
chats I am bringing this up here we go
let's play some csgo should we do
official matchmaking no let's do a
community server browser
yes yes yes yes I understand oh boy that
is so small that I cannot see it at all
fantastic also half the screen is hidden
behind the thing there maybe if I could
just move this over yeah there we go
all right that's a lot better okay so
let's find one so these are sorted by
ping right now
all right ah I can't see it all it's
already kind of full screen ish okay so
we want one that's not locked how about
um where where's the mat there's less
than that oh yeah there we go
okay how about this one ten player dust2
server oh is that a 20 player office
server sure nope that one's
password-protected I can't I can't see
the locks from here they're so small no
there's a 12-person gust - can we get a
dust - with more capacity maybe I'm okay
with office as well oh that one's locked
gosh darn it oh wait what oh yeah okay
it's hard to tell what - uh oh that one
okay doing game wait what what now what
I don't get it so you have to it so you
can have passwords that are on this side
now wait what am I in or not I appear to
be in ok whoo here we go what's going on
are these BOTS or what what game-mode is
this ok apparently this is not a normal
game mode ok so this is just like our
people know these are did I just get
killed by a bot darn it ok so I'm
supposed to attack
terrorists wow this is really choppy I'm
not blaming the computer though all
right I got enable developer console yes
how's our FPS tuned oh yeah we got a few
hundred FPS no no no good Oh can't see
my crosshair this is terrible apparently
that was a pop up from the previous
server that never went away
thank you for give in chat there I
cannot see my crosshair from here this
is the worst this is actually a terrible
terrible gaming experience I'd I really
I really don't blame the computer though
I built a good computer just through the
capture card on a window on my TV across
the room with a camera in the way is not
the best way I have a shotgun now I have
a shotgun well I gotta get closer then
Oh No okay where we at what gun do I
have okay I've got a shotgun again okay
that's fine I can work with that
that's the no aim required weapon okay
where are you all hiding that I'm
surprised more of you haven't joined
already no come on
Wow I am getting dominated by a bot this
may be the worst thing that's ever
happened to me
come on kill something please please
please is something dead I can't tell I
can't see the messages
did I kill anything
I can't tell yes I killed someone
good about time oh oh yes got another
one we could say got him I can't see the
chat so I have no idea if the stream is
even still running right now okay
are you at terrorists oh I'm good
cool all right well I think we have
established now that the computer is in
fact working its gameand it's a pretty
rockin little system for 800 bucks that
is a very very good gaming experience
it's not the cheapest gaming rig by any
stretch of the imagination but this is
where you really get into that like
fantastic bang for the buck range I'm
just gonna hide this where every dollar
is contributing to making this a better
system or to the RGB lighting hey not
bad right let's cycle through all the
included modes here what I'm just gonna
adjust that so you can't see my windows
quite as much yeah that's pretty good
there we go we got purple you got white
oh wow we even got some effects those
are addressable RGB LED fans very nice
someone says it's not live on YouTube
very funny I can see it live on YouTube
I have moved it now alright oh oh that
was a nice little like fading effect
that we were looking at before wow
there's a lot of
lighting effects cheese okay that's
quite enough lighting effects for us to
go through right now I think okay cool
you know what let's pick a favorite one
oh I think I passed my favorite one dang
it where's the one I want not that one
not that one not that one not that one
not that one
dang it got it now there's a more
rainbow we won yeah it is love it that's
what I'm sticking with so thank you for
tuning in to this fun I hope little PC
building stream I actually just realized
I have no idea how many people are even
watching it 21,000 apparently well thank
you very much for that you guys and
that's on YouTube alone I have no
counter on twitch or oh yeah I do have
one on twitch I can pull that up
apparently there's 2,400 watching over
there and I have no counter for
floatplane alright I promised you guys I
was going to show you the janky setup
before I signed off so I'm gonna do that
now this is absolutely nuts I'm just
gonna plug the webcam back in and hope
that that just immediately works
what are the odds I'm going with 70% who
okay hold on maybe it's just a matter of
going in and deactivating and then
activating it come on baby
hi yes we got we cool okay yes good all
right we good all right I'm gonna show
you guys the setup bounce this redonk a
dog so holding the webcam was this C
stand and I'm gonna try and get this as
steady as I can here
so this ceased and holding the webcam
all right which was plugged into the
front ports of my vr gaming setup down
there in the other front port is the cam
link 4k that you're gonna see in my
streaming setup upgrade video so I stole
that from my computer upstairs and then
plugged into that I've got an HDMI to
DVI adapter and then a DVI to HDMI cable
going into my Canon c200 camera so this
is the one nice piece of gear in this
whole setup actually no my wireless lab
is also a nice piece of gear so that's
electro Sonics whatever the crap super
super nice Wireless lab alright so the
camera is on a tripod is plugged into
dududududududu this power squid which is
plugged into that extension cord and
then it's also plugged into this
extension cord which is powering the
computer when I was gaming I had
replaced the webcam the webcam slot over
there with this capture card which was
suspended in the air here because that
was as close as or that was as far as it
could reach since I only have this super
short HDMI cable to go into the back of
the computer lighting it's taken care of
by one of these what are they called
quasar science something or others but
this is a pretty nice light and then
I've got an aperture 300 D mark 2 over
there and then there's another quays
our behind the couch giving it that blue
glow there so yep
oh yeah right the Jane kissed part this
is my coffee table on paint cans and
some spare two by two pieces of wood
from some IKEA furniture so that's yep
yeah this is the view from the cameras
angle pretty terrible love it
all right oh right and then switching
scenes is handled by my my air mouse
bluetooth keyboard mouse doodad so I've
just got a hot key on here oh thanks for
tuning in guys and we will see you okay
no moving the moving the camera down
wasn't really an option because if I'm
like sitting there it's hard to like
build a computer I guess I could have
sat but it's really low it's too low
alright thanks for tuning in guys good
stream good stream fun stream see you in
an hour on LAN show yes
with technology that nobody can stay
away and I think we all know where this
is going
so in this video sponsored by Ankur
thank you thank you I will be using this
one hundred of their flair to Bluetooth
speakers to create the most bizarre home
sound system that you guys had ever seen
these things have got everything they've
got a 360 degree sound they are ipx7
water-resistant they last for 12 hours
on battery they've got RGB lighting and
Ankur claims with their app you can run
up to 100 of them hence the 100 speakers
off of a single phone playing the same
thing so we have enough of these to put
literally eight speakers in every room
of my house
[Music]
step one is going to be to unpack 100
Bluetooth speakers my team helpfully
just drop them off here in the master
cartons as they were delivered from
Ankur so do you want to shucks speakers
or do you want to pair them to the phone
why don't we both start by shucking
speakers I feel like pairing them to the
phone is going to be pretty fast
all right why don't we make it a race
why don't we each take a master cart
let's see who can finish it first well
game a fight oh what the heck is on this
knife grows ready set go
shoot this knife is really bad I can't
even cut the plastic okay your stuff is
getting on my side
that's not fair you're in you're in my
space do you have to move that stuff
[Music]
you're not done are you what the heck
now do another 85 okay look I've told
you before that I think that if I was
your direct report you would have fired
me
ages ago I think that is a spectacular
idea because if you order the food oh
that's how it's gonna be
you know you were saying you wanted to
have like a date night yeah
candlelit dinner with Val you know some
romantic music RGV
[Music]
we've decided to end the box opening
race because Yvonne couldn't take the
heat so I'm gonna finish the rest of
them so we need the sound core app so
you paired the first flare to to your
phone just the normal way and your
Bluetooth settings then you hold the
Bluetooth button for three seconds it'll
make a noise and flash white okay then
these other ones which you can see are
just sitting in pairing mode they're not
connected to anything that's important
we hold the button for three seconds it
should flash white and then go solid
white that means that this one is in
secondary mode there it is and it's
paired I do the same thing here now my
primary speaker is still flashing and my
secondary ones are all solid that's good
let's try some light effects oh hey I
think it's working
hold on
that worked shockingly painlessly okay
so now from within the app I've got my
flare - sorry sorry
the good news is that based on how easy
this is I think I might actually have
all these connect before you finish
opening the boxes oh yeah yeah yeah sure
whatever excuse you wanna make what you
should do is power them on and then I
will hold it again while I put them down
and that will put them in secondary mode
we have got to orient them all the same
way
[Music]
round two
[Music]
that's as high as we can go so now all
that's left to do is for me to turn off
the extra bass it does have an extra
bass feature if you're into that
personally I'm not and then go into the
lighting effects and make sure that
everything is in fact synchronized okay
are you ready to try a song yeah maybe
okay I am at like 25% volume
click 40
50
[Music]
I made it to 80 percent that was
unbearable maybe when it's distributed
all over the house right oh oh man
fun is heavy we start by placing our
primary speaker in the center most point
of the house here on the stairs party
stairs 10 speakers for the playroom
[Music]
another one up here
party in the pantry 10 for the kitchen
this RGB dining room table centerpiece
yes please
cats like music speakers on speakers on
speakers coffee table bathroom okay room
more on the stairs please don't fall
kids like music and colorful lights
hallway shut the speakers computer
speakers more computer speakers server
room speakers oh no the woman nor
hallway speakers patio table speakers
alright Oh
garage speakers whole house covered
okay how bearable do you think it's
gonna be to go back in the house all
right
[Music]
well it definitely works the found is
absolutely everywhere unreal
oh my poor cat she doesn't know what to
think Oh Joshy sweetheart come here
oh I'm sorry baby
something's not quite right here ah I
know hey there we go you know I'm not
sure if there's enough speakers in here
I think we've made our point
as a practical thing hooking up a
hundred of these things probably doesn't
make a ton of sense there are better
solutions for it that sort of thing but
if all you really wanted to do was hook
up like three or four of them that could
actually be a fantastic solution to
having surprisingly well synced audio
all over a site as large as my house as
long as you stay within Bluetooth range
you are good to go so thank you to sound
core by an anchor for sponsoring this
video you guys can check them out these
are the flare tubes they're at the link
in the video description and if you guys
enjoyed this video
wow we really don't do anything like
this at all do we I don't know let's
link to some good ol wholesome build a
PC content shall we
with technology that nobody can stay
away and I think we all know where this
is going
so in this video sponsored by Ankur
thank you thank you I will be using this
one hundred of their flair to Bluetooth
speakers to create the most bizarre home
sound system that you guys had ever seen
these things have got everything they've
got a 360 degree sound they are ipx7
water-resistant they last for 12 hours
on battery they've got RGB lighting and
Ankur claims with their app you can run
up to 100 of them hence the 100 speakers
off of a single phone playing the same
thing so we have enough of these to put
literally eight speakers in every room
of my house
[Music]
step one is going to be to unpack 100
Bluetooth speakers my team helpfully
just drop them off here in the master
cartons as they were delivered from
Ankur so do you want to shucks speakers
or do you want to pair them to the phone
why don't we both start by shucking
speakers I feel like pairing them to the
phone is going to be pretty fast
all right why don't we make it a race
why don't we each take a master cart
let's see who can finish it first well
game a fight oh what the heck is on this
knife grows ready set go
shoot this knife is really bad I can't
even cut the plastic okay your stuff is
getting on my side
that's not fair you're in you're in my
space do you have to move that stuff
[Music]
you're not done are you what the heck
now do another 85 okay look I've told
you before that I think that if I was
your direct report you would have fired
me
ages ago I think that is a spectacular
idea because if you order the food oh
that's how it's gonna be
you know you were saying you wanted to
have like a date night yeah
candlelit dinner with Val you know some
romantic music RGV
[Music]
we've decided to end the box opening
race because Yvonne couldn't take the
heat so I'm gonna finish the rest of
them so we need the sound core app so
you paired the first flare to to your
phone just the normal way and your
Bluetooth settings then you hold the
Bluetooth button for three seconds it'll
make a noise and flash white okay then
these other ones which you can see are
just sitting in pairing mode they're not
connected to anything that's important
we hold the button for three seconds it
should flash white and then go solid
white that means that this one is in
secondary mode there it is and it's
paired I do the same thing here now my
primary speaker is still flashing and my
secondary ones are all solid that's good
let's try some light effects oh hey I
think it's working
hold on
that worked shockingly painlessly okay
so now from within the app I've got my
flare - sorry sorry
the good news is that based on how easy
this is I think I might actually have
all these connect before you finish
opening the boxes oh yeah yeah yeah sure
whatever excuse you wanna make what you
should do is power them on and then I
will hold it again while I put them down
and that will put them in secondary mode
we have got to orient them all the same
way
[Music]
round two
[Music]
that's as high as we can go so now all
that's left to do is for me to turn off
the extra bass it does have an extra
bass feature if you're into that
personally I'm not and then go into the
lighting effects and make sure that
everything is in fact synchronized okay
are you ready to try a song yeah maybe
okay I am at like 25% volume
click 40
50
[Music]
I made it to 80 percent that was
unbearable maybe when it's distributed
all over the house right oh oh man
fun is heavy we start by placing our
primary speaker in the center most point
of the house here on the stairs party
stairs 10 speakers for the playroom
[Music]
another one up here
party in the pantry 10 for the kitchen
this RGB dining room table centerpiece
yes please
cats like music speakers on speakers on
speakers coffee table bathroom okay room
more on the stairs please don't fall
kids like music and colorful lights
hallway shut the speakers computer
speakers more computer speakers server
room speakers oh no the woman nor
hallway speakers patio table speakers
alright Oh
garage speakers whole house covered
okay how bearable do you think it's
gonna be to go back in the house all
right
[Music]
well it definitely works the found is
absolutely everywhere unreal
oh my poor cat she doesn't know what to
think Oh Joshy sweetheart come here
oh I'm sorry baby
something's not quite right here ah I
know hey there we go you know I'm not
sure if there's enough speakers in here
I think we've made our point
as a practical thing hooking up a
hundred of these things probably doesn't
make a ton of sense there are better
solutions for it that sort of thing but
if all you really wanted to do was hook
up like three or four of them that could
actually be a fantastic solution to
having surprisingly well synced audio
all over a site as large as my house as
long as you stay within Bluetooth range
you are good to go so thank you to sound
core by an anchor for sponsoring this
video you guys can check them out these
are the flare tubes they're at the link
in the video description and if you guys
enjoyed this video
wow we really don't do anything like
this at all do we I don't know let's
link to some good ol wholesome build a
PC content shall we
okay who's the sponsor for this one yeah
not yet
I fix its new mahi driver kit includes
their quarter inch aluminum screwdriver
handle with a magnetic bit socket and
Earl grip and swivel top plus 48 driver
bits check it out at the link below now
for the cherry on top we now for the
cherry on top it's time to install the
graphics card and cut okay let's all
that in for me
you ready you know he just took the 30
seconds to learn how to do this you
wouldn't need my help all the time yeah
just make sure he's not in the shot are
you done yeah all right rolling and now
I've just installed the graphics card
which means we should be having a great
gaming experience with this rig just
need to fire it up and that's the main
reason I left the cold hard truth is
Linus Sebastian doesn't know something
about building computers okay here's the
title make your computer gain faster
with this one easy trick write that down
the crazy thing is that this has been
going on since day one
I've shocked no one picked up on it
years ago when the hansung or the bureau
footage were clearly Asian and lettuce
is what he hires people who know what
they're doing and then he pays them to
make it look like he knows what he's
doing
why do you think LMG has so many staff
make youtube videos like vlogs not
oscar-nominated films that doesn't take
30 people unless you're trying to make
somebody who wears socks and sandals
look smart on camera
welcome to Robert reboot strategy it's
ROG oh my god who cares
people care look they're not gonna pass
unless we say it properly right then
next time why don't you make sure that
if it's ROG you write ROG on the script
just redo it
we have to script everything
word-for-word like oh you thought the
wine show was live we filmed those back
to back thanks for tuning in see you
again next week same bat-time same
bat-channel
hi okay broth wardrobe change let's go
one more do we have to
I like I'm really tired and I've got a
lot of stuff going on at home yeah okay
ready and we're live welcome to the wine
show ladies and gentlemen
Luke almost went public but - found out
why do you think you don't see him on
the channel anymore flow plane yeah
that's totally a real company it's a dog
pound I wanted to end this years ago
it's not it's just it's not right it's
no one says anything to his face but
I don't think anyone here respects him
he's done thousands of tutorials showing
other people how to build pcs you think
after faking it for so long you have
picked up a thing or two
no one even built anything in here just
put it back together let me know when
it's done I honestly can't believe Linus
has last this long like the guy is so
tech illiterate he doesn't know the
light on a webcam means it's recording
no I'm not gonna look at it about tech
LTT store comm that's the real play I
know they're too stupid to figure it out
they'll buy anything with my name on it
[Music]
I've told you before it's it's really
not about the money at this point this
is about leaving a legacy
look I hate are you recording
sorry what video is this 400 you know it
doesn't matter all in one business
invoicing and accounting solution that's
fresh books it's designed to be simple
and intuitive so you can spend less time
on paperwork and you can automate tasks
like invoicing organizing expenses
tracking time and following it up hey
can you like advance the prompter for me
please one more time the best part is
that everything is stored in the cloud
so you can switch from the PC to your
mobile device with ease pricing starts
at just fifteen dollars per month with
their $25 a month package handling up to
50 billable clients so get 50% off your
first three months of fresh books when
you sign up for a paid plan at fresh
books come forward slash tech tips now
they send me the check write a yeah all
right I know
okay who's the sponsor for this one yeah
not yet
I fix its new mahi driver kit includes
their quarter inch aluminum screwdriver
handle with a magnetic bit socket and
Earl grip and swivel top plus 48 driver
bits check it out at the link below now
for the cherry on top we now for the
cherry on top it's time to install the
graphics card and cut okay let's all
that in for me
you ready you know he just took the 30
seconds to learn how to do this you
wouldn't need my help all the time yeah
just make sure he's not in the shot are
you done yeah all right rolling and now
I've just installed the graphics card
which means we should be having a great
gaming experience with this rig just
need to fire it up and that's the main
reason I left the cold hard truth is
Linus Sebastian doesn't know something
about building computers okay here's the
title make your computer gain faster
with this one easy trick write that down
the crazy thing is that this has been
going on since day one
I've shocked no one picked up on it
years ago when the hansung or the bureau
footage were clearly Asian and lettuce
is what he hires people who know what
they're doing and then he pays them to
make it look like he knows what he's
doing
why do you think LMG has so many staff
make youtube videos like vlogs not
oscar-nominated films that doesn't take
30 people unless you're trying to make
somebody who wears socks and sandals
look smart on camera
welcome to Robert reboot strategy it's
ROG oh my god who cares
people care look they're not gonna pass
unless we say it properly right then
next time why don't you make sure that
if it's ROG you write ROG on the script
just redo it
we have to script everything
word-for-word like oh you thought the
wine show was live we filmed those back
to back thanks for tuning in see you
again next week same bat-time same
bat-channel
hi okay broth wardrobe change let's go
one more do we have to
I like I'm really tired and I've got a
lot of stuff going on at home yeah okay
ready and we're live welcome to the wine
show ladies and gentlemen
Luke almost went public but - found out
why do you think you don't see him on
the channel anymore flow plane yeah
that's totally a real company it's a dog
pound I wanted to end this years ago
it's not it's just it's not right it's
no one says anything to his face but
I don't think anyone here respects him
he's done thousands of tutorials showing
other people how to build pcs you think
after faking it for so long you have
picked up a thing or two
no one even built anything in here just
put it back together let me know when
it's done I honestly can't believe Linus
has last this long like the guy is so
tech illiterate he doesn't know the
light on a webcam means it's recording
no I'm not gonna look at it about tech
LTT store comm that's the real play I
know they're too stupid to figure it out
they'll buy anything with my name on it
[Music]
I've told you before it's it's really
not about the money at this point this
is about leaving a legacy
look I hate are you recording
sorry what video is this 400 you know it
doesn't matter all in one business
invoicing and accounting solution that's
fresh books it's designed to be simple
and intuitive so you can spend less time
on paperwork and you can automate tasks
like invoicing organizing expenses
tracking time and following it up hey
can you like advance the prompter for me
please one more time the best part is
that everything is stored in the cloud
so you can switch from the PC to your
mobile device with ease pricing starts
at just fifteen dollars per month with
their $25 a month package handling up to
50 billable clients so get 50% off your
first three months of fresh books when
you sign up for a paid plan at fresh
books come forward slash tech tips now
they send me the check write a yeah all
right I know
the h1 comes with some of the parts some
of the especially trickier parts
pre-installed so it's basically kind of
like those you know those like food
delivered to your door things it's like
yeah here's all the ingredients all you
got to do is kind of slap them together
[Music]
oh look at that we've got a dis plate on
the door now it's not centered the idea
of creating small form-factor
compact sort of bare-bones machines has
been around forever in fact I still
remember the look on my face when I
discovered that so much of NCI X's web
infrastructure was running off of a
whole bunch of socket 478 and socket a
shuttle bare-bones machines like this is
back probably 15 years ago and even the
idea of making a gaming machine that is
sort of partly preassembled where the
user just adds you know let's say CPU
ran and storage is nothing new but
what's different here is that NZXT has
actually taken out some of the things
that would traditionally be included in
a bare-bones
so all you're getting here is the case
where is it there it is the power supply
an all-in-one cooler so that's a 140
millimeter a i/o cooler that's gonna
handle your CPU and the PCI Express
riser cables that can be one of the most
finicky parts of building a small
form-factor machine the cool thing about
this approach is that it takes some of
the things that are good about a pre
build like not having to worry too much
about what things work with what other
things and some of the good things about
a DIY PC which is you can use any brand
of motherboard you want any graphics
card you want and you get the
satisfaction of putting it together
yourself so behind that plate we've got
the modular interface for our graphics
card and you can see that our power
cables are also pre routed and this is a
nice little touch shortened so that you
don't have any excess wires that you're
gonna need to tuck away so our graphics
card is gonna go in right around here
and these are gonna plug in right here
that's it one thing I confess I had a
bit of trouble with last time I looked
at this was getting this panel off but
this one just slides off super easily so
I don't know what the deal was there but
that's good
so that exposes the actually now that I
know
do it easy to access and easy to clean
magnetic fan filters there we go a
little tab under there you can pull
these off super nice so these handle all
the intake for the system for the
all-in-one cooler which is over on this
side the power supply fan which is also
on this side and then of course yeah
yeah that's my graphics card right there
no no so it'll look more like that so
these are gonna be pulling air
indirectly from outside of the computer
I always like these kinds of clever
little things so the GPU placeholder to
make sure that nothing's you know
rattling around in here is also the
accessory box there's an extension
that's routed down to here it is on the
bottom so we'll plug in right there and
then we've also got some zip ties and
cable management stuff how interesting
so it's only a single three and a half
mil jock on the top but it appears to be
a combo Jack so it's a four pole Jack
and they include a splitter so you can
split it out to microphone and
headphones also in here is all the
mounting hardware that we're going to
need for our CPU cooler whether we swing
for the intel or AMD team we've got a
back plate that covers us and then
here's the hold-down hardware and i have
no idea cuz i come back in the 90s and
going on a road trip i like it let's
start tearing this puppy apart I think
the pump may be built into the radiator
rather than the CPU blog I'm super
confused right now
I'm like crazy confused this doesn't say
anything about that there's an
all-in-one liquid cooler already
installed remove screws pointed out by
arrows well wow that's cool I am super
into that it really does look like
there's a pump in there or something oh
yeah this is super compact this doesn't
have a pump in it Wow how about that
that's cool okay well let's just tuck
that aside for now and then we can take
out the dummy motherboard and put in our
real one so I've got an RG strict Z 390
I gaming we could go with something
lower end but because
we wanted the type-c connector as well
as overclocking capabilities for our
9900 K this seemed like a pretty good
bet
io goes down so you're actually gonna
plug everything in from the bottom of
the case and oh I should probably put a
CPU in it
now to install the aforementioned 9,900
k this is gonna be the scariest part for
new builders but it really is this
simple you pull the arm away and up okay
so that gets this clear so you're not
gonna accidentally touch the pins you
just lift that up there line up the
little golden triangle with the dot or
the triangle it's on the socket alright
there's also these little notches here
it's pretty hard to put it in wrong if
you're paying attention to what you're
doing give a little wiggle make sure
it's actually in there lower this down
make sure these are gonna slide over
that screw or under it rather and then
arm goes out and under and your CPUs
installed Ram is even simpler we've done
with some vengeance our DP ran from
Corsair we go ahead and pop in one
making sure that the notches are aligned
evenly apply pressure from both sides
I'll do that one more time it's crazy to
think about it but we're almost done
with the motherboard at this point it's
that simple we could put our boot drive
on the back of the motherboard here but
in this case I actually wouldn't really
recommend it banan flash doesn't care
about hot components nearby but the
controller doesn't really like it and
our GPU the backplate of it is gonna be
right against the back of the board so
instead we're gonna go ahead and take
this shield off the front and we'll
install the SSD there pop it in like a
sodium hold it down then screw it in OOP
don't forget to pull the protective
cover off of the thermal interface
material on your heatsink here it's not
gonna make a huge difference like it's
not gonna affect performance or anything
but I mean if you've got it there you
might as well at least have it as like a
heat spreader or like a heat soak and
that really n truly is it let's go ahead
and pop the motherboard in check this
out so I'm just gonna hold these front
panel connectors out of the way and
we're gonna slide the board in from this
side
that's nice too with the i/o shield
which is integrated into this
motherboard it just sits there where
it's supposed to go it's actually held
in place by gravity so now all we got to
do is put our for motherboard screws in
wow this is all the screws we need for
assembly that's pretty cool we find
motherboard screws and this little baggy
and for those the corner braces of the
case are in the way a little bit here
but it's not the end of the world as
long as you've got a magnetic tip
screwdriver it should be alright now
we're just gonna plug in all our
motherboard stuff so there's that PCI
Express riser I really like the way
they've designed this so you got your
protective cover get rid of that and
then it's got this nice little like
plastic bracket that makes sure that it
doesn't curve too much and accidentally
kink and also keeps it out of the way of
the panels when you're trying to close
them the eight pin CPU power connector
is pre wire managed so we just go ahead
and pop that in and the 24 pin is done
up in pretty much exactly the same way
now my ram is a little bit high profile
but from looking at it here it seems
like we should still be able to get in
there without cueing the heat spreader
off it there we go and it's back in
place and that just goes in well
something like that front panel
connectors can all be done now so here's
our USB type-c
HD audio is also down here in the corner
this one's a little bit long but maybe
we should cable manage that a touch when
we're done this is like the fastest
build ever I like how it stands up like
this that means we've still got easy
access to the back of our motherboard to
put on our back plate just in case we
forgot to do that earlier hahahaha well
I mean you know that is why they started
doing motherboard cutouts right so you
could easily in quickly swap a cooler
not so in case you forgot that
anyway I should put the actual hardware
on here first oh yes prep for us you'll
we we Oh interesting this is a system I
have not seen before so let's cut like
this little keyed thing and then you put
it in there and then I guess you screw
that in looks like the backplate does
not go on very easily with these pegs
already attached I will take two of them
off
hey there it is now we're just gonna
slip these little spacers over all four
of the posts this is really clever so
it's like this by default which means
you're not gonna be able to get at the
screw hole but if you pop them in
they've got nice little instructions on
here hey make sure you put those back
before you close the system otherwise
this tube is gonna press up against here
and it might kink let's pop this on now
for each post we need one more little
plastic washer and then one of these
some nuts not much left now along the
edge here we've got the RPM wire for our
all-in-one cooler pump as well as our
CPU fan so it's the fan that's connected
to the a i/o and we're pretty much ready
to close that up Wow hey tubes towards
the Sun okay that was the coolest one uh
I would recommend using low profile
memory we did manage to get these in
with just a little bit of flex there see
that that's probably still fine but how
are you I would I would use something
else okay that's it for cable management
on that side all the USB and front panel
connectors and everything can just sit
right here graphics card time wait how
did I not install this bracket oh good
that's frame D now for the moment you've
all been waiting for
our TX 2070 super time so these two
little tabs will hold the bottom of a
card and I really need it to just
actually like go in there probably cuz
our motherboard tray is bowed then we
just even a firm little press and then
we can put these spun screws back on the
bottom of the card that's it like I want
to hear from the novices in the comments
does this actually look easier does this
still look like kind of overwhelming and
complicated um just out of touch Wow
look at that it's only 26 steps for our
extra PCIe cables up here and that empty
two and a half inch drive bay and then
can just cover it all up by ugly cables
that's it panel time
[Music]
nice I'm not making the mistake of
removing this sticker again I'm just
going to leave it there this is one
thing that's a bit of a bummer about
this case the fact that you gotta dig
around and its underbelly in order to
plug anything in I mean it does have a
type C and a USB type a on the top but
it is an improvement for me now that I
know that that's a 4-pole audio jack and
you can just split it out to a
microphone and headphone if you really
want let's see if I managed to build a
computer that works cuz that's the real
trick it can be as easy as it wants
until the moment you press the button
and it doesn't work like that
balls that's fine you don't close the
side panels on a rig until you've seen
it post plug that in there now I just
need to see how it'll go on the screen
go ahead and cut let's try a simple
receiver fire
PCI Express connector okay fine I will
reseat the graphics card wait a second
wouldn't that be funny you spend all
this time diagnosing a dead computer and
it turns out it's a bad cable I love
that that's my favorite firing this
backup well okay then
I even talked about how it's best to try
to troubleshoot the simplest things
first do I not have that you play on
here I thought this is my bench drive
well Shawn well the Tomb Raider it is
then man I love this when you get a fast
CPU and it makes your games download
faster the thing is you're not just
downloading raw data a lot of the time
you're unpacking it at the same time so
especially having a CPU that can turbo
up really high and that handle a
single-threaded tasks really well
converse ulsan faster game downloads
that's great I really got to actually
play this game so that I have like some
other save games to load because I'm
just like right at the beginning and
this like stupid forced walking around
saying
I cannot get motivated to play this one
all the way through oh you know what
let's just run the benchmark yeah lots
of hours in the benchmark lots of hours
pimping lct store calm you know got my
priorities straight
all hi seems like the sweet spot for
config like this it's a very sightsee
type game so I don't worry too much
about getting a hundred plus frames per
second but even your lowest dips are
still in the low 50s and we've got
g-sync on this panel so those get masked
a fair bit as long as you're not going
down too low in a massive surprise to no
one the thermals of our system here
behave pretty much the same as the ones
in the pre-built they sent over to us
because we we never hit higher than
about 4550 degrees on the CPU I would
expect that to say pretty consistent
ended up putting together a pretty
similar system so the whole paradigm
where it's in taking through the
filtered sides and then exhausting just
through positive pressure out the back
works really well so you've got like a
hands warmer back here but here you can
really feel the inrush of air over the
power supply the CPU cooler and the GPU
now that I'm done I can safely say not
everyone is going to prefer the NZXT h1
approach with some of the parts
pre-configured but if you wanted to dip
your toes in the water of custom
building a machine I would say this is a
much safer way to go then all that case
that we covered from singularity a
little while ago the easiest
water-cooled system that ended up
actually being extraordinarily difficult
to build I think with some instruction
following even a complete novice builder
could finish a system in this in a
couple of hours and that is really
impressive if you're looking for a video
to watch maybe actually check out that
easiest water-cooled one we had a lot of
fun doing that build even if it wasn't
as easy or fast as we had hoped
the h1 comes with some of the parts some
of the especially trickier parts
pre-installed so it's basically kind of
like those you know those like food
delivered to your door things it's like
yeah here's all the ingredients all you
got to do is kind of slap them together
[Music]
oh look at that we've got a dis plate on
the door now it's not centered the idea
of creating small form-factor
compact sort of bare-bones machines has
been around forever in fact I still
remember the look on my face when I
discovered that so much of NCI X's web
infrastructure was running off of a
whole bunch of socket 478 and socket a
shuttle bare-bones machines like this is
back probably 15 years ago and even the
idea of making a gaming machine that is
sort of partly preassembled where the
user just adds you know let's say CPU
ran and storage is nothing new but
what's different here is that NZXT has
actually taken out some of the things
that would traditionally be included in
a bare-bones
so all you're getting here is the case
where is it there it is the power supply
an all-in-one cooler so that's a 140
millimeter a i/o cooler that's gonna
handle your CPU and the PCI Express
riser cables that can be one of the most
finicky parts of building a small
form-factor machine the cool thing about
this approach is that it takes some of
the things that are good about a pre
build like not having to worry too much
about what things work with what other
things and some of the good things about
a DIY PC which is you can use any brand
of motherboard you want any graphics
card you want and you get the
satisfaction of putting it together
yourself so behind that plate we've got
the modular interface for our graphics
card and you can see that our power
cables are also pre routed and this is a
nice little touch shortened so that you
don't have any excess wires that you're
gonna need to tuck away so our graphics
card is gonna go in right around here
and these are gonna plug in right here
that's it one thing I confess I had a
bit of trouble with last time I looked
at this was getting this panel off but
this one just slides off super easily so
I don't know what the deal was there but
that's good
so that exposes the actually now that I
know
do it easy to access and easy to clean
magnetic fan filters there we go a
little tab under there you can pull
these off super nice so these handle all
the intake for the system for the
all-in-one cooler which is over on this
side the power supply fan which is also
on this side and then of course yeah
yeah that's my graphics card right there
no no so it'll look more like that so
these are gonna be pulling air
indirectly from outside of the computer
I always like these kinds of clever
little things so the GPU placeholder to
make sure that nothing's you know
rattling around in here is also the
accessory box there's an extension
that's routed down to here it is on the
bottom so we'll plug in right there and
then we've also got some zip ties and
cable management stuff how interesting
so it's only a single three and a half
mil jock on the top but it appears to be
a combo Jack so it's a four pole Jack
and they include a splitter so you can
split it out to microphone and
headphones also in here is all the
mounting hardware that we're going to
need for our CPU cooler whether we swing
for the intel or AMD team we've got a
back plate that covers us and then
here's the hold-down hardware and i have
no idea cuz i come back in the 90s and
going on a road trip i like it let's
start tearing this puppy apart I think
the pump may be built into the radiator
rather than the CPU blog I'm super
confused right now
I'm like crazy confused this doesn't say
anything about that there's an
all-in-one liquid cooler already
installed remove screws pointed out by
arrows well wow that's cool I am super
into that it really does look like
there's a pump in there or something oh
yeah this is super compact this doesn't
have a pump in it Wow how about that
that's cool okay well let's just tuck
that aside for now and then we can take
out the dummy motherboard and put in our
real one so I've got an RG strict Z 390
I gaming we could go with something
lower end but because
we wanted the type-c connector as well
as overclocking capabilities for our
9900 K this seemed like a pretty good
bet
io goes down so you're actually gonna
plug everything in from the bottom of
the case and oh I should probably put a
CPU in it
now to install the aforementioned 9,900
k this is gonna be the scariest part for
new builders but it really is this
simple you pull the arm away and up okay
so that gets this clear so you're not
gonna accidentally touch the pins you
just lift that up there line up the
little golden triangle with the dot or
the triangle it's on the socket alright
there's also these little notches here
it's pretty hard to put it in wrong if
you're paying attention to what you're
doing give a little wiggle make sure
it's actually in there lower this down
make sure these are gonna slide over
that screw or under it rather and then
arm goes out and under and your CPUs
installed Ram is even simpler we've done
with some vengeance our DP ran from
Corsair we go ahead and pop in one
making sure that the notches are aligned
evenly apply pressure from both sides
I'll do that one more time it's crazy to
think about it but we're almost done
with the motherboard at this point it's
that simple we could put our boot drive
on the back of the motherboard here but
in this case I actually wouldn't really
recommend it banan flash doesn't care
about hot components nearby but the
controller doesn't really like it and
our GPU the backplate of it is gonna be
right against the back of the board so
instead we're gonna go ahead and take
this shield off the front and we'll
install the SSD there pop it in like a
sodium hold it down then screw it in OOP
don't forget to pull the protective
cover off of the thermal interface
material on your heatsink here it's not
gonna make a huge difference like it's
not gonna affect performance or anything
but I mean if you've got it there you
might as well at least have it as like a
heat spreader or like a heat soak and
that really n truly is it let's go ahead
and pop the motherboard in check this
out so I'm just gonna hold these front
panel connectors out of the way and
we're gonna slide the board in from this
side
that's nice too with the i/o shield
which is integrated into this
motherboard it just sits there where
it's supposed to go it's actually held
in place by gravity so now all we got to
do is put our for motherboard screws in
wow this is all the screws we need for
assembly that's pretty cool we find
motherboard screws and this little baggy
and for those the corner braces of the
case are in the way a little bit here
but it's not the end of the world as
long as you've got a magnetic tip
screwdriver it should be alright now
we're just gonna plug in all our
motherboard stuff so there's that PCI
Express riser I really like the way
they've designed this so you got your
protective cover get rid of that and
then it's got this nice little like
plastic bracket that makes sure that it
doesn't curve too much and accidentally
kink and also keeps it out of the way of
the panels when you're trying to close
them the eight pin CPU power connector
is pre wire managed so we just go ahead
and pop that in and the 24 pin is done
up in pretty much exactly the same way
now my ram is a little bit high profile
but from looking at it here it seems
like we should still be able to get in
there without cueing the heat spreader
off it there we go and it's back in
place and that just goes in well
something like that front panel
connectors can all be done now so here's
our USB type-c
HD audio is also down here in the corner
this one's a little bit long but maybe
we should cable manage that a touch when
we're done this is like the fastest
build ever I like how it stands up like
this that means we've still got easy
access to the back of our motherboard to
put on our back plate just in case we
forgot to do that earlier hahahaha well
I mean you know that is why they started
doing motherboard cutouts right so you
could easily in quickly swap a cooler
not so in case you forgot that
anyway I should put the actual hardware
on here first oh yes prep for us you'll
we we Oh interesting this is a system I
have not seen before so let's cut like
this little keyed thing and then you put
it in there and then I guess you screw
that in looks like the backplate does
not go on very easily with these pegs
already attached I will take two of them
off
hey there it is now we're just gonna
slip these little spacers over all four
of the posts this is really clever so
it's like this by default which means
you're not gonna be able to get at the
screw hole but if you pop them in
they've got nice little instructions on
here hey make sure you put those back
before you close the system otherwise
this tube is gonna press up against here
and it might kink let's pop this on now
for each post we need one more little
plastic washer and then one of these
some nuts not much left now along the
edge here we've got the RPM wire for our
all-in-one cooler pump as well as our
CPU fan so it's the fan that's connected
to the a i/o and we're pretty much ready
to close that up Wow hey tubes towards
the Sun okay that was the coolest one uh
I would recommend using low profile
memory we did manage to get these in
with just a little bit of flex there see
that that's probably still fine but how
are you I would I would use something
else okay that's it for cable management
on that side all the USB and front panel
connectors and everything can just sit
right here graphics card time wait how
did I not install this bracket oh good
that's frame D now for the moment you've
all been waiting for
our TX 2070 super time so these two
little tabs will hold the bottom of a
card and I really need it to just
actually like go in there probably cuz
our motherboard tray is bowed then we
just even a firm little press and then
we can put these spun screws back on the
bottom of the card that's it like I want
to hear from the novices in the comments
does this actually look easier does this
still look like kind of overwhelming and
complicated um just out of touch Wow
look at that it's only 26 steps for our
extra PCIe cables up here and that empty
two and a half inch drive bay and then
can just cover it all up by ugly cables
that's it panel time
[Music]
nice I'm not making the mistake of
removing this sticker again I'm just
going to leave it there this is one
thing that's a bit of a bummer about
this case the fact that you gotta dig
around and its underbelly in order to
plug anything in I mean it does have a
type C and a USB type a on the top but
it is an improvement for me now that I
know that that's a 4-pole audio jack and
you can just split it out to a
microphone and headphone if you really
want let's see if I managed to build a
computer that works cuz that's the real
trick it can be as easy as it wants
until the moment you press the button
and it doesn't work like that
balls that's fine you don't close the
side panels on a rig until you've seen
it post plug that in there now I just
need to see how it'll go on the screen
go ahead and cut let's try a simple
receiver fire
PCI Express connector okay fine I will
reseat the graphics card wait a second
wouldn't that be funny you spend all
this time diagnosing a dead computer and
it turns out it's a bad cable I love
that that's my favorite firing this
backup well okay then
I even talked about how it's best to try
to troubleshoot the simplest things
first do I not have that you play on
here I thought this is my bench drive
well Shawn well the Tomb Raider it is
then man I love this when you get a fast
CPU and it makes your games download
faster the thing is you're not just
downloading raw data a lot of the time
you're unpacking it at the same time so
especially having a CPU that can turbo
up really high and that handle a
single-threaded tasks really well
converse ulsan faster game downloads
that's great I really got to actually
play this game so that I have like some
other save games to load because I'm
just like right at the beginning and
this like stupid forced walking around
saying
I cannot get motivated to play this one
all the way through oh you know what
let's just run the benchmark yeah lots
of hours in the benchmark lots of hours
pimping lct store calm you know got my
priorities straight
all hi seems like the sweet spot for
config like this it's a very sightsee
type game so I don't worry too much
about getting a hundred plus frames per
second but even your lowest dips are
still in the low 50s and we've got
g-sync on this panel so those get masked
a fair bit as long as you're not going
down too low in a massive surprise to no
one the thermals of our system here
behave pretty much the same as the ones
in the pre-built they sent over to us
because we we never hit higher than
about 4550 degrees on the CPU I would
expect that to say pretty consistent
ended up putting together a pretty
similar system so the whole paradigm
where it's in taking through the
filtered sides and then exhausting just
through positive pressure out the back
works really well so you've got like a
hands warmer back here but here you can
really feel the inrush of air over the
power supply the CPU cooler and the GPU
now that I'm done I can safely say not
everyone is going to prefer the NZXT h1
approach with some of the parts
pre-configured but if you wanted to dip
your toes in the water of custom
building a machine I would say this is a
much safer way to go then all that case
that we covered from singularity a
little while ago the easiest
water-cooled system that ended up
actually being extraordinarily difficult
to build I think with some instruction
following even a complete novice builder
could finish a system in this in a
couple of hours and that is really
impressive if you're looking for a video
to watch maybe actually check out that
easiest water-cooled one we had a lot of
fun doing that build even if it wasn't
as easy or fast as we had hoped
of the S20 Ultra 5G
rally chunkier 
ings should be 00:01:04.630 --> 00:01:06.920
rials are also
e held today.

width of their
xistent and I almost

r a popup selfie camera

 more comfortable 
r a proper grill 
ugh I normally use
 a big difference
that doesn't vibrate your phone.
ot of flack for 
inally at the point where 00:02:32.230 --> 00:02:33.990

m to settle down 00:02:40.960 --> 00:02:42.414
 the phone is small and there's

reens have gotten, 00:02:57.980 --> 00:02:58.919
probably going to be the best

r a short adjustment,
ically any conditions 00:03:18.890 --> 00:03:22.036
 is still good 00:03:24.951 --> 00:03:28.027
g up a movie 00:03:31.660 --> 00:03:32.720
ips from my plex server over wifi,
the icing on the cake here.
tually kind of 
 120 Hertz as the next big thing 00:03:57.930 --> 00:04:00.147

ce feel snappier 00:04:09.890 --> 00:04:10.840
s and performance
arly with 120 Hertz enabled
s about the lack of support 00:04:27.330 --> 00:04:29.744
't bother me at all, 00:04:33.910 --> 00:04:35.850
mode, everything at 120 Hertz,
of screen time, love it.
fingerprint sensor.

k draw speed, 00:05:00.620 --> 00:05:01.453
g people are
the Exynos and Snapdragon versions
en outlier results for both, 00:05:17.740 --> 00:05:20.880
the most part, the
ow to explain the difference,
ech 
decoding hardware, 00:05:43.242 --> 00:05:45.840
fall behind by 25% or more
 it, there's a 
al sourcing parts 00:06:05.719 --> 00:06:07.920
built to the same spec,
in an Exynos region,
sung's entire 
consider Samsung's 
ll a Samsung camera so the colors

easonable zoom levels,
contain a lot more detail
zoom shot on an iPhone.
t a lot of shooting options 00:07:05.496 --> 00:07:07.950
h they hadn't quite
 of the touted features,
tly useless as anything 
loser to my phone 00:07:30.399 --> 00:07:32.680
fine, it's just

ith 8K 00:07:47.445 --> 00:07:49.380

f the motion blur 00:08:00.570 --> 00:08:02.409

dn't find myself 
be worth switching to 00:08:19.170 --> 00:08:21.570
ange is much worse 00:08:24.488 --> 00:08:26.870
s support HDR 00:08:30.338 --> 00:08:31.700
ple rarely complain about it.
ing the top new 
le who apparently 
amsung phone, 00:08:51.220 --> 00:08:54.564
eristically happy 00:08:57.390 --> 00:08:59.320

roblem for me 00:09:06.713 --> 00:09:09.310
to be manually tuned

for like, my garage door opening, 00:09:24.090 --> 00:09:25.570
out what buzzed my phone.
on them for some reason.
icrosoft Teams 
oft's fault 00:09:43.330 --> 00:09:45.650
 have to dump 00:09:47.900 --> 00:09:49.980
ine then.
ty of the materials, 00:09:57.180 --> 00:09:59.570
 for anything remember?
300 more than the base model 00:10:12.136 --> 00:10:14.370

had some space age new technology 00:10:25.540 --> 00:10:27.910

nt a head turner, get a Fold 00:10:39.400 --> 00:10:42.040
el or an iPhone 00:10:45.140 --> 00:10:47.610
he thing,
and my old daily driver,
anna play with the zoom, 00:11:01.060 --> 00:11:02.370

nd grip is super grippy,
ou're me haha, see 
act protection, 00:11:23.350 --> 00:11:25.850
 super tactile buttons,
compatibility 
inus Tech Tip 
 out their line up.

didn't wanna 
 link that video down below, 00:11:54.630 --> 00:11:56.380
thk their flagship mobile processor that
draws 45 watts boosts to 5 gigahertz and
only exists in much thicker
not to mention heavier designs for
funsies though I decided you know what
let's fire up Cinebench our 20 on both
of them anyway and see what happens I
was fully expecting the AMD processor to
get destroyed and our video to be
delayed until we had a fair comparison
except that that's not how things went
down the raisa 940 900 HS killed the I 9
98 a thk delivering nearly a quarter
more performance I was worried maybe
Windows Update or something was running
in the background on the Intel machine
so I ran the tests a couple more times
but the results stayed the same
AMD just chokeslammed the fastest mobile
processor on the market of course though
there's more to life than just Cinebench
and I need to see if it can dominate
elsewhere Thermal Grizzlies conducted on
liquid metal thermal interface material
offers maximum cooling performance check
it out and keep things cool at the link
below
[Music]
thing is the Zenbook pro duo is a
powerful machine but it was designed
more for creative professionals so while
we're next sanity check then was to grab
a different 8 core laptop meet the Acer
Helios 700 the epitome of mobile excess
now it technically uses the same core AI
998 a thk but this is on a different
level like check this out when you are
ready to game you actually move the
entire keyboard down and press the turbo
button revealing these two huge fans
that can suck in enough air to allow the
processor to draw up to 120 watts Oh
surely the puny Zephyrus will be
absolutely crushed by this no
compromises gaming beast right let me
put it this way
if I'm working at Intel I'm gonna
probably need a new pair of boxers in a
sec LTTE store.com by the way because
dang to a sirs credit at least the 4900
HS had to kind of work for it this time
and besides we're all getting kind of
tired of watching AMD kick asset
multi-threaded applications let's talk
about single threat ooh ohh
even with a sirs overclocked locking the
AI 998 ATH K at a ripping 5 gigahertz
which is unsustainable and basically any
other design and barely even a laptop at
this point from test to test it was a
toss-up whether the r9 or the i9 would
win and for the rest of our testing the
results remained about the same the
Zephyrus g14 crushed the Zenbook pro and
matched or edged ahead of the Helios 700
and coz the emphasis here needs to be on
how crazy it is that this small laptop
was able to hang with this one bear in
mind of course this has more powerful
graphics for games now during our
blender BMW CPU render the Rison 940 900
HS in the Zephyrus G 14 reached a
maximum temperature of 91 point 8
degrees
but not fraud Lee and drew a reported
average of about 50 watts by comparison
our 98 a thk and the helio 700 hit 96
degrees and reported drawing about 91
think about that the Intel chip needed
40 more watts of power and the winds of
Boreas just to match AMD in performance
bringing us to an interesting question
though how on earth is the rise of 940
900 HS which I never saw break 4 point 4
gigahertz matching or even beating a 5
gigahertz Intel chip well we've talked
about this before but risin 4000 series
uses AMD's Xen 2 architecture which
boasts about a 15% increase in IPC or
instructions per cycle over last gen
more IPC basically means that more work
can be done at a given clock speeds so
with some simple napkin math oh wow
that's a fancy napkin four point four
times 1.15 gives us 5.06 the excellent
single-threaded performance means then
that the Zephyrs g14 not only kicks ass
for productivity but it also tears
through games ours is equipped with an
Nvidia r-tx 20 60 max Q and guys all I
can say is who says green and red don't
go well together this combo made short
work of the full power
RTX 20 60 in the Zen Book Pro duo now
that my kind of Christmas but there's
always a catch right one of my favorite
lines to repeat in gaming laptop videos
is with great power comes great power
consumption at which point we all have a
good laugh about the two to three hours
of battery life in gaming machines or
less than an hour if you have the
audacity to actually game on the top not
with the zephyrus g14 now given the 76
watt hour battery eight core processor
and 120 Hertz display I would have
wagered something like 5 hours of
battery life if I was feeling optimistic
but he got
now that is just for light office work
with the brightness turn down in the
keyboard backlight off but to put it in
perspective the freakin Dell XPS 13 two
and one got half an hour less than that
running the same test this all means
then that AMD has gifted the world a
processor as powerful as Intel's Core AI
998 ATH K but that can be integrated in
a design that's just 20 millimeters
thick and sips power like a 25 watt quad
core when you're just browsing the web
which brings us to AMD's largest mobile
hurdles so far
oh we M support a powerful and efficient
processor is nothing if it gets
relegated to be tier designs so let's
change gears and focus on the Zephyrus
g14 itself for a little bit the build
quality is excellent not quite up there
with a razor blade 15 or alienware M 15
with a bit more visible plastic and so
the most uneven keyboard backlighting
that I've seen in quite a while but it
avoids any egregious gamer styling it's
not super flexy and I'd give it easily
an a-minus the i/o is also solid with my
only complaint being that the type-a
ports are in a pretty rough spot if you
want to plug a mouse in aside from the
light piping the keyboard is excellent
though which is kind of funny because a
stiff top of the stroke with a long
travel sounds like it's gonna end up
mushy but ends up feeling more like gab
like stealthy it's really quiet and the
standard layout and great key feel makes
it almost immediately blend into the
background while my work or my game can
take center stage the trackpad is then
more of the same besides being slightly
on the small side it just does its job
so you can do your job that is as long
as your job doesn't involve working from
home now we had no way of knowing that
the Cova 19 pandemic was coming or that
it would have this kind of an impact but
we still get to say I told you so a sous
stop stripping webcams off your laptops
some thing is still better than no thing
when I need to jump on a video call with
someone at the last second and I'm
scrambling and no webcam also means no
windows hello
facial-recognition burn now the power
button is a fingerprint reader that
caches your authentication temporarily
Ben logs you in once the windows lock
screen comes up so at least you don't
have to touch it twice which is okay or
at least it would be if it worked more
consistently we've got about 15 percent
success on it so some driver
improvements needed there
rounding out the experience the display
is another strong area though with both
a fast 120 Hertz refresh rate and
factory calibrated colors and the final
nice touch is an intel Wi-Fi six card
that's great to see because that's
definitely one area of mobile computing
or team blue still gets a big fat W the
version with the RT X 2016 ax Q starts
at 14 $49.99 and at that price I can
wholeheartedly recommend the Zephyrus G
14 as a do-it-all laptop gaming school
work I don't remember a device like this
as a whole package that represented so
few compromises for so few people in
quite some time
I think it's fair to say that this not
this laptop specifically but this
process of this mobile launch could be
aimed ease most important launch if not
ever than at least in the last 10 years
now I get that our audience guys you
guys are super into DIY PCs but laptop
sales are more than double desktop sales
like think about it that shows like CES
manufacturers like Dell and Lenovo
individually have a bigger presence than
all of AMD and until now nearly every
single laptop they've sold has contained
an Intel processor that is finally about
to change which is going to put yet
another big revenue boost into AMD's
coffers to keep R&amp;D up and keep the
pressure on Intel we can't pronounce
Andy the king of the mobile CPU market
yet word on the street is that Intel
isn't going to just take this line down
but what we can say is that as it did in
desktops workstations and servers Zen 2
has brought competition back to mobile
was there ever competition in high on
mobile
really so how about has there been a
segue to our sponsor not a good one
private Internet access it won't protect
your credit cards or passwords or
identity it's just a tool that masks
your IP and encrypt traffic on your
devices you can combine it with private
browsing tools to make even savvy
websites think that you are somewhere
else and someone else they offer a
reliable service with over 3000 servers
in 32 countries and no bandwidth caps
they offer configurable encryption as
well as an internet kill switch to
prevent data from leaking should you be
involuntarily disconnected and their
Mace feature blocks requests to known
malware and tracking domains altogether
try it risk-free with their 7 day
money-back guarantee at the link in the
video description
they've got clients for Windows Mac OS
Android iOS and Linux and you can
connect up to five devices at once so
again check that out today at the link
in the video description thanks for
watching guys if you want to watch more
destruction of Intel maybe check out
this video from when Intel dropped their
new high end processors half a day
before the last threader for lunch oh
that was rough Hey
thk their flagship mobile processor that
draws 45 watts boosts to 5 gigahertz and
only exists in much thicker
not to mention heavier designs for
funsies though I decided you know what
let's fire up Cinebench our 20 on both
of them anyway and see what happens I
was fully expecting the AMD processor to
get destroyed and our video to be
delayed until we had a fair comparison
except that that's not how things went
down the raisa 940 900 HS killed the I 9
98 a thk delivering nearly a quarter
more performance I was worried maybe
Windows Update or something was running
in the background on the Intel machine
so I ran the tests a couple more times
but the results stayed the same
AMD just chokeslammed the fastest mobile
processor on the market of course though
there's more to life than just Cinebench
and I need to see if it can dominate
elsewhere Thermal Grizzlies conducted on
liquid metal thermal interface material
offers maximum cooling performance check
it out and keep things cool at the link
below
[Music]
thing is the Zenbook pro duo is a
powerful machine but it was designed
more for creative professionals so while
we're next sanity check then was to grab
a different 8 core laptop meet the Acer
Helios 700 the epitome of mobile excess
now it technically uses the same core AI
998 a thk but this is on a different
level like check this out when you are
ready to game you actually move the
entire keyboard down and press the turbo
button revealing these two huge fans
that can suck in enough air to allow the
processor to draw up to 120 watts Oh
surely the puny Zephyrus will be
absolutely crushed by this no
compromises gaming beast right let me
put it this way
if I'm working at Intel I'm gonna
probably need a new pair of boxers in a
sec LTTE store.com by the way because
dang to a sirs credit at least the 4900
HS had to kind of work for it this time
and besides we're all getting kind of
tired of watching AMD kick asset
multi-threaded applications let's talk
about single threat ooh ohh
even with a sirs overclocked locking the
AI 998 ATH K at a ripping 5 gigahertz
which is unsustainable and basically any
other design and barely even a laptop at
this point from test to test it was a
toss-up whether the r9 or the i9 would
win and for the rest of our testing the
results remained about the same the
Zephyrus g14 crushed the Zenbook pro and
matched or edged ahead of the Helios 700
and coz the emphasis here needs to be on
how crazy it is that this small laptop
was able to hang with this one bear in
mind of course this has more powerful
graphics for games now during our
blender BMW CPU render the Rison 940 900
HS in the Zephyrus G 14 reached a
maximum temperature of 91 point 8
degrees
but not fraud Lee and drew a reported
average of about 50 watts by comparison
our 98 a thk and the helio 700 hit 96
degrees and reported drawing about 91
think about that the Intel chip needed
40 more watts of power and the winds of
Boreas just to match AMD in performance
bringing us to an interesting question
though how on earth is the rise of 940
900 HS which I never saw break 4 point 4
gigahertz matching or even beating a 5
gigahertz Intel chip well we've talked
about this before but risin 4000 series
uses AMD's Xen 2 architecture which
boasts about a 15% increase in IPC or
instructions per cycle over last gen
more IPC basically means that more work
can be done at a given clock speeds so
with some simple napkin math oh wow
that's a fancy napkin four point four
times 1.15 gives us 5.06 the excellent
single-threaded performance means then
that the Zephyrs g14 not only kicks ass
for productivity but it also tears
through games ours is equipped with an
Nvidia r-tx 20 60 max Q and guys all I
can say is who says green and red don't
go well together this combo made short
work of the full power
RTX 20 60 in the Zen Book Pro duo now
that my kind of Christmas but there's
always a catch right one of my favorite
lines to repeat in gaming laptop videos
is with great power comes great power
consumption at which point we all have a
good laugh about the two to three hours
of battery life in gaming machines or
less than an hour if you have the
audacity to actually game on the top not
with the zephyrus g14 now given the 76
watt hour battery eight core processor
and 120 Hertz display I would have
wagered something like 5 hours of
battery life if I was feeling optimistic
but he got
now that is just for light office work
with the brightness turn down in the
keyboard backlight off but to put it in
perspective the freakin Dell XPS 13 two
and one got half an hour less than that
running the same test this all means
then that AMD has gifted the world a
processor as powerful as Intel's Core AI
998 ATH K but that can be integrated in
a design that's just 20 millimeters
thick and sips power like a 25 watt quad
core when you're just browsing the web
which brings us to AMD's largest mobile
hurdles so far
oh we M support a powerful and efficient
processor is nothing if it gets
relegated to be tier designs so let's
change gears and focus on the Zephyrus
g14 itself for a little bit the build
quality is excellent not quite up there
with a razor blade 15 or alienware M 15
with a bit more visible plastic and so
the most uneven keyboard backlighting
that I've seen in quite a while but it
avoids any egregious gamer styling it's
not super flexy and I'd give it easily
an a-minus the i/o is also solid with my
only complaint being that the type-a
ports are in a pretty rough spot if you
want to plug a mouse in aside from the
light piping the keyboard is excellent
though which is kind of funny because a
stiff top of the stroke with a long
travel sounds like it's gonna end up
mushy but ends up feeling more like gab
like stealthy it's really quiet and the
standard layout and great key feel makes
it almost immediately blend into the
background while my work or my game can
take center stage the trackpad is then
more of the same besides being slightly
on the small side it just does its job
so you can do your job that is as long
as your job doesn't involve working from
home now we had no way of knowing that
the Cova 19 pandemic was coming or that
it would have this kind of an impact but
we still get to say I told you so a sous
stop stripping webcams off your laptops
some thing is still better than no thing
when I need to jump on a video call with
someone at the last second and I'm
scrambling and no webcam also means no
windows hello
facial-recognition burn now the power
button is a fingerprint reader that
caches your authentication temporarily
Ben logs you in once the windows lock
screen comes up so at least you don't
have to touch it twice which is okay or
at least it would be if it worked more
consistently we've got about 15 percent
success on it so some driver
improvements needed there
rounding out the experience the display
is another strong area though with both
a fast 120 Hertz refresh rate and
factory calibrated colors and the final
nice touch is an intel Wi-Fi six card
that's great to see because that's
definitely one area of mobile computing
or team blue still gets a big fat W the
version with the RT X 2016 ax Q starts
at 14 $49.99 and at that price I can
wholeheartedly recommend the Zephyrus G
14 as a do-it-all laptop gaming school
work I don't remember a device like this
as a whole package that represented so
few compromises for so few people in
quite some time
I think it's fair to say that this not
this laptop specifically but this
process of this mobile launch could be
aimed ease most important launch if not
ever than at least in the last 10 years
now I get that our audience guys you
guys are super into DIY PCs but laptop
sales are more than double desktop sales
like think about it that shows like CES
manufacturers like Dell and Lenovo
individually have a bigger presence than
all of AMD and until now nearly every
single laptop they've sold has contained
an Intel processor that is finally about
to change which is going to put yet
another big revenue boost into AMD's
coffers to keep R&amp;D up and keep the
pressure on Intel we can't pronounce
Andy the king of the mobile CPU market
yet word on the street is that Intel
isn't going to just take this line down
but what we can say is that as it did in
desktops workstations and servers Zen 2
has brought competition back to mobile
was there ever competition in high on
mobile
really so how about has there been a
segue to our sponsor not a good one
private Internet access it won't protect
your credit cards or passwords or
identity it's just a tool that masks
your IP and encrypt traffic on your
devices you can combine it with private
browsing tools to make even savvy
websites think that you are somewhere
else and someone else they offer a
reliable service with over 3000 servers
in 32 countries and no bandwidth caps
they offer configurable encryption as
well as an internet kill switch to
prevent data from leaking should you be
involuntarily disconnected and their
Mace feature blocks requests to known
malware and tracking domains altogether
try it risk-free with their 7 day
money-back guarantee at the link in the
video description
they've got clients for Windows Mac OS
Android iOS and Linux and you can
connect up to five devices at once so
again check that out today at the link
in the video description thanks for
watching guys if you want to watch more
destruction of Intel maybe check out
this video from when Intel dropped their
new high end processors half a day
before the last threader for lunch oh
that was rough Hey
then so we decided to take another swing
at it and see what your hard-earned
dollars can get you from the folks over
at Best Buy iFixit smoggy driver kit
includes their quarter inch aluminum
screwdriver handle with a magnetic fit
socket knurled grip and swivel top and
48 driver bits check it out at the link
below
[Music]
now to keep our tests somewhat
controlled and in the spirit of our last
attempt we needed to send someone with
limited gaming PC knowledge and who
wouldn't be immediately recognized so we
enlisted special agent Janus to crack
the case by the case a PC case that is
with there's BC and so anyways you get
the point her mission was simple buy a
system for her imaginary little brother
with a budget of around a thousand
dollars and in case she runs into a very
inexperienced Best Buy staffer to make
sure the system has a graphics card at
the very least you might recall that
last time around without Yvonne's quick
thinking we would have been left with a
gaming PC that didn't have a graphics
card which isn't much used to anyone
upon arrival to our local Best Buy's
computer section special agent Janus was
pretty much immediately helped by a
pretty knowledgeable staff member he
walked her through in layman's terms the
performance benefits of having an SSD
over a standard hard drive and mentioned
that her little brother might actually
prefer an i7 over an i-5 but that it
wouldn't necessarily make a huge
difference just for gaming the sales
associate also made sure to clarify any
gaming PC he would try to sell her had a
GPU and was in stock very important
overall the experience was actually
really solid and a huge step up from
last time where we actually had to go to
three different stores just to buy the
system the first store recommended and
reserved for us GG Best Buy but your
mileage may vary so what did we end up
with I'll be honest when I first saw the
Box my first thought was oh no we ended
up with an optical X but after cracking
it open things started to look up I
present to you the del G 550 90 gaming
desktop which we spent a cool nine
hundred and twenty nine US dollars on
before tax might I say she sure is a
beaut
just like this shirt from ltte star cop
jokes aside what really matters is
what's inside in life and in pcs in the
configuration we bought the g5 features
an Intel Core i5 9406 core processor
clocked at a cool 2.9 gigahertz with a
turbo of four point
one it's paired with a single stick of
8-gigabyte 26 66 megahertz ddr4 meaning
you're running in single channel mode
but at least the proprietary AF h3 70
dell motherboard in this system has four
slots so that's an easy enough upgrade
if your budget allows the rest of the
board is pretty lackluster with no video
outputs despite our CPU being equipped
with integrated graphics on the back are
four USB 3.1 and two USB 2.0 ports
Gigabit Ethernet and your standard audio
jacks up front is a pretty similar story
back inside we find a total of three
PCIe slots and integrated a Kwanza AC
Wi-Fi card precisely enough SATA ports
to fill this specific case and a single
m2 slot I also noticed the board doesn't
have a 24 pin ATX power connector they
instead opted for a proprietary six pin
connection with SATA power coming from a
header on the board
so good luck upgrading the power supply
without also getting an entirely new
case and motherboard thanks for the
unnecessary engineering dell now let's
get back to that m2 slot for a sec
because init is one of the cutest little
nvme drives i've ever seen this little
nugget is a dram 'less 512 gigabyte
Toshiba TLC nvme SSD normally we
recommend against DRAM less SSDs as both
performance and write endurance or the
longevity of the drive can be a lot
worse without a cache you can check out
this tech wiki for more info on that
however as Linus mentioned in a recent
video this SSD makes use of a cool
technique called host memory buffer or
hmb for short allowing it to ask the
computer's processor if some of the
regular system memory can be used as a
cache instead which for general consumer
use does help mitigate these issues as
for the graphics card our configuration
comes equipped with an OEM single fan
NVIDIA GTX 1660 so nothing special there
except you do at least get the neutering
and Vink encoding chip on this card so
this rig should actually be pretty solid
for streaming
bafflingly though the case is limited to
a single 80 millimeter exhaust fan for
cooling I mean does a bigger punch out
really cost that much more guys and
unsurprisingly it's fitted with a
basement tier 360 Waddell power supply
so as for performance it actually seems
like it should be okay we've got six
decently clocked Intel cores and modern
NVIDIA GPU and a pretty solid SSD I
would have liked to see 16 gigs of dual
channel RAM in 2020 and this tier of
power supply wouldn't be acceptable in a
custom rig but this is a Dell pre-built
and you get what you paid for or do you
to find out we fired up Amazon to see if
we could build the same thing for less
money specking everything as close as we
could while still including Windows 10
Home Edition a crappy keyboard and mouse
AC Wi-Fi and the labor to have someone
like Micro Center build it for you
Wow it turns out you would end up
spending nearly $100 more than Best
Buy's price for the g5 now you do end up
with some creature comforts like easier
upgrade ability thanks to
non-proprietary parts a better power
supply and more SATA connections but
it's still pretty dang hard to be
competitive with OEMs on pre-built
systems due to the cost benefit they
have thanks to bulk part ordering as
well as the vastly discounted windows
pricing microsoft offers them but we
don't have to play by their rules do we
just like a Mac is often a good deal if
you compare it to exactly the same
hardware but a bad deal if you get a bit
more creative we think we can beat this
DIY style kungfu let's assume you're an
avid ltte viewer you can build a machine
for yourself and you don't need to add
another crappy keyboard and mouse to the
pile now that we have the flexibility to
choose whatever parts we want a rise in
3600 is a lot better value with a lower
price tag and performance that should be
slightly better in virtually every
workload thanks to its six extra threads
better IPC and higher boost clock it
pairs nicely to an asrock p450
motherboard and with the money you save
building yourself 16 gigs of 32 hundred
megahertz ddr4 fits wonderfully into the
budget along with an 80 plus bronze 450
watt power supply then for the
cream-cheese icing on top we can spend
just $80 more than you would on the gtx
1660 and jump up to a full fat 2060 ko
from a VGA which should give us vastly
performance but does it yes of course it
does
computers aren't magic and assuming no
egregious configuration errors they
behave more or less as the sum of their
parts so at 1080p medium settings using
DirectX 12 in shadow of the Tomb Raider
frame rates get a big old bump nearly
34% higher than our best buy special
both GTA 5 and csgo show even more
impressive gains with 43 and 44 percent
higher frame rates respectively
rendering in blender while not as huge
of an improvement was still very
noticeable with the BMW blender test
finishing 25% faster and in the seven
zip compression benchmark the 3600
absolutely wipes the floor with the more
expensive eye 590 400 from our pre-built
thanks to the six extra threads so
conclusion time if you're in the market
for a prebuilt honestly Best Buy has
proven again to not actually be a
terrible choice you may still be able to
find a slightly better deal from one of
the system integrators out there who
don't have the same retail overhead as
Best Buy but before you do make sure you
check out our secret shopper series if
you want to see an in-depth
investigation on the entire purchasing
experience of a bunch of major s eyes oh
and get subscribed so you don't miss out
on future videos like the very different
unlimited budget gaming PC sounds pretty
cool huh this video is brought to you by
drop com the mass drop in Sun hides our
PC 37 X gaming headset features angled
drivers and an open back design with the
drivers coming from the same family as
the HD 5 9 8 NS HD 600 series headphones
they offer better stereo imaging and
locational accuracy that come with a
noise cancelling microphone they've sold
over 40,000 of these babies and 40,000
people can't be wrong they can but not
about this actually and new users who
sign up on the website will get $20 off
their purchase if it's over 50 bucks so
go check them out at the link below
it's drop com used to be masked drop now
it's drop com don't worry about it minor
difference well that was fun see you
later I guess
then so we decided to take another swing
at it and see what your hard-earned
dollars can get you from the folks over
at Best Buy iFixit smoggy driver kit
includes their quarter inch aluminum
screwdriver handle with a magnetic fit
socket knurled grip and swivel top and
48 driver bits check it out at the link
below
[Music]
now to keep our tests somewhat
controlled and in the spirit of our last
attempt we needed to send someone with
limited gaming PC knowledge and who
wouldn't be immediately recognized so we
enlisted special agent Janus to crack
the case by the case a PC case that is
with there's BC and so anyways you get
the point her mission was simple buy a
system for her imaginary little brother
with a budget of around a thousand
dollars and in case she runs into a very
inexperienced Best Buy staffer to make
sure the system has a graphics card at
the very least you might recall that
last time around without Yvonne's quick
thinking we would have been left with a
gaming PC that didn't have a graphics
card which isn't much used to anyone
upon arrival to our local Best Buy's
computer section special agent Janus was
pretty much immediately helped by a
pretty knowledgeable staff member he
walked her through in layman's terms the
performance benefits of having an SSD
over a standard hard drive and mentioned
that her little brother might actually
prefer an i7 over an i-5 but that it
wouldn't necessarily make a huge
difference just for gaming the sales
associate also made sure to clarify any
gaming PC he would try to sell her had a
GPU and was in stock very important
overall the experience was actually
really solid and a huge step up from
last time where we actually had to go to
three different stores just to buy the
system the first store recommended and
reserved for us GG Best Buy but your
mileage may vary so what did we end up
with I'll be honest when I first saw the
Box my first thought was oh no we ended
up with an optical X but after cracking
it open things started to look up I
present to you the del G 550 90 gaming
desktop which we spent a cool nine
hundred and twenty nine US dollars on
before tax might I say she sure is a
beaut
just like this shirt from ltte star cop
jokes aside what really matters is
what's inside in life and in pcs in the
configuration we bought the g5 features
an Intel Core i5 9406 core processor
clocked at a cool 2.9 gigahertz with a
turbo of four point
one it's paired with a single stick of
8-gigabyte 26 66 megahertz ddr4 meaning
you're running in single channel mode
but at least the proprietary AF h3 70
dell motherboard in this system has four
slots so that's an easy enough upgrade
if your budget allows the rest of the
board is pretty lackluster with no video
outputs despite our CPU being equipped
with integrated graphics on the back are
four USB 3.1 and two USB 2.0 ports
Gigabit Ethernet and your standard audio
jacks up front is a pretty similar story
back inside we find a total of three
PCIe slots and integrated a Kwanza AC
Wi-Fi card precisely enough SATA ports
to fill this specific case and a single
m2 slot I also noticed the board doesn't
have a 24 pin ATX power connector they
instead opted for a proprietary six pin
connection with SATA power coming from a
header on the board
so good luck upgrading the power supply
without also getting an entirely new
case and motherboard thanks for the
unnecessary engineering dell now let's
get back to that m2 slot for a sec
because init is one of the cutest little
nvme drives i've ever seen this little
nugget is a dram 'less 512 gigabyte
Toshiba TLC nvme SSD normally we
recommend against DRAM less SSDs as both
performance and write endurance or the
longevity of the drive can be a lot
worse without a cache you can check out
this tech wiki for more info on that
however as Linus mentioned in a recent
video this SSD makes use of a cool
technique called host memory buffer or
hmb for short allowing it to ask the
computer's processor if some of the
regular system memory can be used as a
cache instead which for general consumer
use does help mitigate these issues as
for the graphics card our configuration
comes equipped with an OEM single fan
NVIDIA GTX 1660 so nothing special there
except you do at least get the neutering
and Vink encoding chip on this card so
this rig should actually be pretty solid
for streaming
bafflingly though the case is limited to
a single 80 millimeter exhaust fan for
cooling I mean does a bigger punch out
really cost that much more guys and
unsurprisingly it's fitted with a
basement tier 360 Waddell power supply
so as for performance it actually seems
like it should be okay we've got six
decently clocked Intel cores and modern
NVIDIA GPU and a pretty solid SSD I
would have liked to see 16 gigs of dual
channel RAM in 2020 and this tier of
power supply wouldn't be acceptable in a
custom rig but this is a Dell pre-built
and you get what you paid for or do you
to find out we fired up Amazon to see if
we could build the same thing for less
money specking everything as close as we
could while still including Windows 10
Home Edition a crappy keyboard and mouse
AC Wi-Fi and the labor to have someone
like Micro Center build it for you
Wow it turns out you would end up
spending nearly $100 more than Best
Buy's price for the g5 now you do end up
with some creature comforts like easier
upgrade ability thanks to
non-proprietary parts a better power
supply and more SATA connections but
it's still pretty dang hard to be
competitive with OEMs on pre-built
systems due to the cost benefit they
have thanks to bulk part ordering as
well as the vastly discounted windows
pricing microsoft offers them but we
don't have to play by their rules do we
just like a Mac is often a good deal if
you compare it to exactly the same
hardware but a bad deal if you get a bit
more creative we think we can beat this
DIY style kungfu let's assume you're an
avid ltte viewer you can build a machine
for yourself and you don't need to add
another crappy keyboard and mouse to the
pile now that we have the flexibility to
choose whatever parts we want a rise in
3600 is a lot better value with a lower
price tag and performance that should be
slightly better in virtually every
workload thanks to its six extra threads
better IPC and higher boost clock it
pairs nicely to an asrock p450
motherboard and with the money you save
building yourself 16 gigs of 32 hundred
megahertz ddr4 fits wonderfully into the
budget along with an 80 plus bronze 450
watt power supply then for the
cream-cheese icing on top we can spend
just $80 more than you would on the gtx
1660 and jump up to a full fat 2060 ko
from a VGA which should give us vastly
performance but does it yes of course it
does
computers aren't magic and assuming no
egregious configuration errors they
behave more or less as the sum of their
parts so at 1080p medium settings using
DirectX 12 in shadow of the Tomb Raider
frame rates get a big old bump nearly
34% higher than our best buy special
both GTA 5 and csgo show even more
impressive gains with 43 and 44 percent
higher frame rates respectively
rendering in blender while not as huge
of an improvement was still very
noticeable with the BMW blender test
finishing 25% faster and in the seven
zip compression benchmark the 3600
absolutely wipes the floor with the more
expensive eye 590 400 from our pre-built
thanks to the six extra threads so
conclusion time if you're in the market
for a prebuilt honestly Best Buy has
proven again to not actually be a
terrible choice you may still be able to
find a slightly better deal from one of
the system integrators out there who
don't have the same retail overhead as
Best Buy but before you do make sure you
check out our secret shopper series if
you want to see an in-depth
investigation on the entire purchasing
experience of a bunch of major s eyes oh
and get subscribed so you don't miss out
on future videos like the very different
unlimited budget gaming PC sounds pretty
cool huh this video is brought to you by
drop com the mass drop in Sun hides our
PC 37 X gaming headset features angled
drivers and an open back design with the
drivers coming from the same family as
the HD 5 9 8 NS HD 600 series headphones
they offer better stereo imaging and
locational accuracy that come with a
noise cancelling microphone they've sold
over 40,000 of these babies and 40,000
people can't be wrong they can but not
about this actually and new users who
sign up on the website will get $20 off
their purchase if it's over 50 bucks so
go check them out at the link below
it's drop com used to be masked drop now
it's drop com don't worry about it minor
difference well that was fun see you
later I guess
again so we're gonna build a king
kleiner I don't know three or four
months ago back when we initially
conceptualize this so we were like heck
yeah let's do the greatest creeper PC
build that's ever been done but then now
we're finally finishing it and then the
word on the street is he's quitting
YouTube but then he says he's not
quitting YouTube but then the last time
he uploaded a Minecraft video was like
three weeks ago you know what doesn't
matter who cares we're building the
creeper PC the dough cause V 9 speakers
on Alibaba feature rotating ear cups
that double as a speaker they've got
their March Expo 2020 happening right
now which features more than 300,000 new
and exciting products so go check them
out at the link in the video description
[Music]
so let's go through how we made it
starting with the hardest part which is
the case the skeleton was designed in
fusion 360 over a span of about a month
with a couple of main design goals one
was we wanted there to be enough cooling
for top spec hardware I mean the last
thing you want to do is send someone a
cool custom PC that ends up being a
downgrade
from what they're currently running and
we also wanted no cheating compromises
to the creeper look we weren't gonna
allow ourselves to like oh well you know
we need to extend this leg in order to
bigger graphics card or something like
that so I started with a rough concept
for what I wanted the creeper PC to look
like and once I figured out scale by
taking the form factor of an M ATX
motherboard and plugging in into fusion
360 and just scaling of creeper shape
around it then I could start building
the actual frame from aluminum extrusion
so after I had the actual frame built
and scaled properly then I can skin it
put all the components in it and pray it
all fits together as a bonus goal we
wanted the head to pop off like kind of
like a you know like boom you know
explosion moment with the press of a
button which I actually have right here
but I can't do right now cuz this head
was by far the hardest part of this
entire build it went through like three
design changes so how it works now is
there's two solenoids latches that are
like four gate latches that clip into
little tabs that I take welded into the
bottom of the creeper head so these guys
you can just come down and they'll pop
right into place like so and now it's
latched and active so once we give it
power off comes the head
initially it didn't have enough support
the head is just a little bit too heavy
so for the first time I tested it oh we
have footage of this actually the head
pops off and it just
it flops all the way down we can't have
a flaccid paper no no classic creepers
so there's limiting straps that I
installed on each corner to keep it just
floating just so and without it falling
off of the support axis in the center it
was also really challenging getting the
string from the spring just right
because that jack-in-the-box
effect requires you to get it balanced
just right I think you nailed it
Gomis so this is it we just start
building now right yeah so for our power
supply we actually didn't end up going
with a full sized ATX unit even though
we possibly could have I guess this
saves us a little bit of space where we
could have mounted a hard drive in the
front and emergency but other than that
is there any rationale behind the 800
watt Silverstone SF XL no it's just a
really nice little dense power supply
it's easier to fit so mounting for this
pretty straightforward we've got some
double-sided tape on the bottom here but
that's not actually what holds it
together what actually holds it in place
is this bracket on the back here which
is a bent piece of sheet aluminum and
this looks like it was quite the little
piece to get right well thankfully I
didn't have to make it ah
our friends at proto case Friends of
proto case it's good to have friends and
fabrication places sure is so do I get
to do most of the building you've
already built it so it's really
important we get this first little drop
right because once that tape goes down
it's not coming off
a little lower there this it's really
nice working with proto case on stuff
like this too just because they
specialize in PC stuff so you don't have
to explain to them things like you know
why the spacing needs to be just so on a
power supply Mel yeah
actually use their template designer
which is really neat it has cutouts for
most of the stuff I used here being able
to just draw in a motherboard and have
all the holes be in the right space was
fantastic push that down power supply is
in I think you're supposed to hold this
tape for about 30 seconds GPU we can do
it so how the GPU is mounted is we have
a little bracket I machine
yep we have cable mud to thank for these
cables see how flat those are oh okay
it fits to within an eighth of an inch
wow that's really tight okay so how does
this go in here this just like goes
under there and that sandwiches it down
and that's it that's it that's it before
we tighten it yeah
it's best now to do the power supply
cables so that it hold on a second we
better do this peel - that's a really
unsatisfying peel this is a really
cool-looking card though so it's got a
triple slot cooler we weren't sure how
much airflow we were gonna be able to
get into this bottom foot so it was all
about making sure that our card has a
really really good cooler on it but this
is an RT X xx atti so basically as good
as it gets for Minecraft with RT X let
me give you a a good angle on it here
and then I can just drop it right into
place basically this is the spot and I
can crank it down now then right yep
that's the only thing holding it in
place I do I'm actually a little bit
worried we might I've seen things in
shipping that would make your blood curl
curdle blood curdle hair curl if we put
like a u-shaped foam piece at the back
I'd feel a ton better and just glued
that in the vibrations and drops so a
lot of this mass there's a lot of
leverage here yeah I think can actually
rip the PCI plate right off the card
I've seen you've seen that I've seen it
I've seen PCI Express slots ripped off
motherboards and the PCI Plate ripped
off F some choke just just you know
shipping to Alberta from here how
difficult would it be for us to
fabricate a hold down strap for this as
well it's it's taped it's not going
anywhere you'd have to be really trying
to have that dislodge I have seen power
supplies ripped out of like standard
cases like the screws sheared off in
shipping and banging around inside them
I love tape as much as the next person
but because this whole thing is held
together with tape think about it a
little right I just have to put it on a
pallet yeah I wouldn't all box this okay
all right so that's in we can put the
heart in so which way does it go on
standoffs here okay and then for
standoffs where the
Oh fantastic so is this motherboard tray
custom yes Wow did proto case make that
first as well
I designed it proto case cut that that's
actually steel so it's a little bit more
rigid nice that's a good call
so in terms of the hardware we're using
we're running a Maximus 7 gene so we
went with em ATX so that we could have a
little bit more expandability it's only
got a single PCI Express 16 that slot
but if you wanted to add 10 gave it
networking or whatever or they else down
the line we've got another 4x slot up
here it's got basically everything you
could want built-in onboard AC Wi-Fi USB
3 you know type C blah blah blah etc etc
and more importantly because we're not
putting a hard drive in this it's got a
ton of em to expansion so we've got a 2
terabyte NP 600 in here we've got room
for another one here and then this thing
columns holding this is their latest BIM
dot 2 goes in here and holds another 2 m
dot 2 drives so that should be that
should be enough plenty of storage yeah
those are some big ol screws so we went
pretty basic in terms of cooling I'm not
expecting him to overclock or anything
like that and given that we're running a
99 hundred K a single 120 millimeter a
IO with a replacement fan we went with a
knock to a fan you want the whole system
to be nice and quiet seemed like a
pretty good bet now I'm sure there are
many many of you that are gonna be like
he had its video why didn't you go AMD
the answer is that we started playing
this project like four months ago yeah
AMD didn't have anything that was taught
to your for gaming at that time what do
you want from us which way do you like
the twos oh I have the tubes sticking
out just like that way oh yeah that
should work so what's really cool about
having the cooling configured this way
with our thick rad and our 120
millimeter fan actually pulling air and
then blowing it out this way is that the
exhaust comes out around the head so
it's nice and dispersed there's not
going to be like a hot zone near the
computer and the intake for this fan is
going to be drawing fresh air from the
bottom over the m-dot to the GIMP slots
the V RMS and
all that stuff so it's gonna stay nice
and cool and it's not just this fan
there are actually two eighty millimeter
fans that are going to be pushing air up
from the center crotch cooling TN so
this was one of our challenges right now
felix has 64 gigs of ram in his system
according to the information we were
able to find we didn't talk to him about
this because we wanted to be a surprise
now this board in spite of being mitx
only has two memory slots because it
takes up so much room for all these MDOT
twos so we ended up needing to use these
special try to z DC series memory
modules so these are basically like two
sticks in one so each of these is 32
gigs for a total of 64 gigs of DDR for
3,200 CL 14 that should be plenty for
our Intel platform $1500 ish not for 1
for 2 and of course there are GB
completely hidden this panel is gonna be
held on by magnets so we actually can't
have anything pressing on it there we go
so you can see the crotch is more than
just cooling there's actually room for
cable cutouts and PCI Express and stuff
like that to run in between them so that
you don't really see it but it's I mean
it it has to run there there was no way
to be true to the shape of the creeper
without having a little bit of cheating
in between here so that will go in
probably last yeah if we want to post it
we can just plug it all in and make sure
it functions we can verify that the
header jacks I ran all of these runs
with string before I order the cables ok
it's got to be an easier way than that
mmm not that I'd found so this is the
head ejection system so what we have
here is a remote relay these are really
cheap I think it was like $8.00 runs on
4 to 12 volts but one of the problems I
encountered with the solenoid system
here is that when the spring force is
pushing up on the latches here there's
so much spring force that you can't
actually eject the head yep so what we
have here is we have 12 volt then being
sent into a boost converter which helps
this to like 18 and a half-ish volts
then that trip that over volts these
solenoids enough enough and it works
plugging in the power supply and BOM
Jayanti sings friggin heavy dude and I
don't even have the panel's Oh watching
you lift my project scares me and lights
hey how are we do we have a monitor or
anything
oh yeah I can pull one over all the
Keystone's oh yeah we've got like 1 2 3
unnecessary connections all good just
had a cable and a fan there that click
by the way was the solenoids getting
power you can do the honors and we're
posted with all 64 gigs of RAM very nice
okay so we have no more components to
put in it so we want to deal with
installing all of the buttons and stuff
in our panels sure and then the panels
go on
we vinyl Dover all these mounting holes
for the rear i/o so this is our power
and this is gonna be DisplayPort but I'm
gonna need to just make a little hole
it's really tight with the vinyl in
there okay need a nut that is how
finished it's gonna look from the
outside of that that looks great
so this is this one then it's correct
you we're definitely gonna need to
adjust the position of the motherboard a
little bit then so we're gonna move it
up with the main fasteners on both the
rails yeah and then over will be with
the PCB fasteners yeah so let's do the
vertical adjustment first sure which is
you can just do that with a rubber
mallet right absolutely yeah percussive
maintenance send it no really no bad
Linus oh you know what
what are we running into here I think
we're running into I need to tap it
no it doesn't make sense this should
just slide there like locking themselves
yeah okay we want to come down about an
eighth of an inch
that's bang on tap it I might have found
one other small oversight this nut
interferes with this goof that seems you
know Remmel fixable
well not Trudeau was notch it out under
normal circumstances you would never
grind metal creating metal fragments
inside a computer that's already built
but we feel like we've got everything
masked off well enough yeah it's got to
come up a little higher I can see it
through here a little more yeah I see it
yeah actually a lot of the build was
like this you put everything in place
and you can design as as much as you can
and CAD but when it all goes together
sometimes parts aren't the same size as
what the CAD drawing is or any number of
things we got it this time
yeah it's flush okay awesome I know that
I know you want the finish to be similar
I can sleep soundly tonight now
DisplayPort power rear i/o done I think
we're actually ready to really close
yeah we just start peeling panels and
sticking them on
holy smokes well not before we put the
PCI Express connector back in uh huh we
should do any final cable management
okay well the lynchpin in this whole
shebang is this middle panel okay so the
cut outside here yeah that's over we do
that first
I don't know we gotta just fit before we
take off the adhesive oh okay 24 8 and 2
PCIe I'm just worried about cable
lengths they'll be fine honestly okay
all right I have done every surface on
my side here I'm just gonna finish this
this VHB tape is like super list sticky
so we don't want to be pulling things
off once we've applied it because we
could end up bending it what's that
it's a razor for pulling the VHB tape
off now so this side is the PCI side huh
snuck that LTTE logo in there we have a
little bit of a cutout that
totally planned and not done after the
fact yeah to give a little bit of
clearance for ribbon cable that 120
millimeter fan is gonna take care of
intake for our graphics card which does
it have an exhaust or is it just pass
through so all the exhaust comes out the
foot at the bottom so they're elevated
up on these little bumpers okay
perfect the oh oh I didn't take the
adhesive backing off at the very top
okay all right yeah everything's clear
up ribbon cables a little stressed but
okay oh yeah it's quite contacted yeah
well yep that one's on for better for
worse
I need more oh I'm good everything's
fine
so that's on there this way these cables
can't come loose and stick into the fan
or anything nasty like that that would
be a real pain to diagnose and fix all
right shall we line up the other side I
think we should just stick it and then
run the cables sure yep okay you do
bottom I'll do top but I think that's a
lot better than the last time we should
have done that last time that's like
perfect reliving we're learning and it's
worth noting I haven't seen it with all
the panels on it either
that's just bubble wrap nice okay that
looks pretty clean because the 24 pin
covers everything else now yeah what do
you get a guy like PewDiePie for
Christmas someone asked me on Twitter
it's like what do people buy you for
Christmas and I said socks I actually
truly the greatest gift well the fans on
the bottom are hooked up they're both
into a single header that should have
easy software control okay do you want
to come back on this side and stick on
the head ejection system okay here we go
this is a sick build thanks sure do can
I actually get another one of those two
Ltd store.com mmm that's a new store to
come I noticed that the power supply
isn't plugged in yet oh wait if we grab
the belt sander see if our shaving our
connector oh nice man no problem
so that's plugged in now I mean do you
want to do that one for weight also
though we do not I don't know if I
shaved it enough to fit through here
there we are professionals oh so I
wanted it as far away from the PCI
Express extender as I could get it oh
you think power like the frequency will
I don't know for sure
gosh what I know is that I don't feel
like dealing with it oh that is a
problem
me neither yeah also I'll line up the
bottom again and you line up the top
okay I think I'm good as we're gonna get
Wow what we do next - why don't we close
up the feet I have a image of a creeper
because I want to make sure we get the
panels on in the correct orientation so
you want to get the actual like pixels
yeah pixels in the correct spots oh
we're going for accuracy here right all
right all right a dark corner goes
towards the side yep yep now seems like
a good moment to shout out proto case
with their fantastic high precision
laser cutting they actually made all
these panels for us before we had them
sent off to the vinyl wrapping shop this
head is a piece of art it's all aluminum
and it's well that sharp edges and you
can't weld it too fast otherwise it'll
just melt so they're like slowly dabbing
well we'll put in some footage of this
it's incredible
so going on you better believe it these
are different yeah we don't have this is
why is the left different from the right
one small error all right so I'll just
put it on a random way then yep
okay oh no that's too far off okay
that's gonna happen a lot all right I'm
calling that good enough I'm sorry if
it's not good enough
okay so what's the foot is that the foot
that is the foot so we still end up with
about a millimeter of gap on my side I
can take a little more I think we're
gonna have to live with that
yep like that looks pretty darn good
alright should we put a big panel on
wait no this isn't the same this is the
front that's the back minor problem we
put double-sided tape on the front piece
and magnetic strips on the back piece
just kind of take all this off how those
really no good anymore
yeah the adhesives toast okay and that's
it's literally on there okay go ahead
okay those cables will never be seen you
know very good
I like cables great so we've now got
magnets on the back of this panel yep
but this is an aluminum chassis so it's
aluminum I've made four neodymium magnet
stacks and I've counterbored half inch
holes which fit these so we just give
this little tap and will deform the
aluminum around the magnet and it will
hold it in place
no okay hey nice that is quite flush sir
and then you're gonna want to do
probably six or eight all around the
periphery and it's dead can't make it
worse all right are you doing that by
hand mm-hmm oh it's a spring-loaded
thing you're not doing it by hand boop
boop
all right so now we put the front on
that yeah oh wow
yeah nailed it to the edge it's done oh
wait it's not done huh
should have done this earlier wait no
this is no problem cuz we thought of
this Oh gorgeous
monitor keyboard mouse water keyboard
mouse let's do it this thing seriously
does look like just a computer graphic
brought to life like it's crazy
should I power it on I'm so happy with
how well that head retains itself like
getting it to latch and release every
time perfectly literally took four days
if you were him do you leave it down so
that you can like do this on a whim or
do you leave it up so you can just no I
totally leave it up you leave it up we
gotta like game on this thing
darphus a microscope it actually works
yeah worst case scenario head down head
down yeah so I'm gonna hit the GPU with
the msi combustor built-in stress test
and I'm gonna hit the CPU with a blender
classroom render excellent so we are
turbo into 4.7 gigahertz all course our
CPU is sitting at anywhere from 80 mid
to 90 low remember this is under an all
core load while stressing both the CPU
and GPU our GPU is sitting pretty darn
healthy actually around 60 to 63 degrees
I think it's safe to call that a success
I mean we're gonna want to leave this
run for a little bit make sure that it
actually holds at these temps but it
seems like it's actually doing a
perfectly good job of getting rid of the
heat
yeah great job Colin white really does
just look like like a like a piece of
video game just sitting on your desk
doesn't it
what just happened it turned off I was
trying to troll James I was asking him
how it looks up close and I tried to
trigger the head while it was under load
current spike current spike how
power-hungry is that it's pulling like
four amps at 12 volts so like 48 watts
it's only 50 watts it's an 800 watt
power supply maybe don't stress test it
and hit the button I mean that's kind of
funny
okay we might have to live with this
particular little design flaw it's a
feature let me see if it happens again
let me see what happens again full
stress I couldn't send it I think the
odds of that happening are pretty slim
yes I have my job for another day oh 66%
chance mm-hmm so then outside of a
couple minor finishing touches it's done
it's playing Minecraft
it looks like minecraft and it may not
be the world's first creeper PC but you
know what I think it's the best one so
come at me bro I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you like this kind of
hacky project D type stuff you might
want to also check out our series on the
hack Pro the Mac Pro hackintosh
competitor to Apple's real Mac Pro we're
gonna have that linked below and I guess
all that remains now is to thank our
sponsor today's video is sponsored by
alibaba.com featuring the dough cost v92
and one headphone and speaker it
features 3 custom EQ presets including
balanced extra powerful bass and high
definition sound as well as Bluetooth
5.0 they've got interchangeable magnetic
ear cups
headband is made of nylon with PVD
plating alibaba.com offers a wide
variety of suppliers from all over the
world from the u.s. to China to Italy to
India and more we've actually used them
before for all kinds of stuff like when
we've got those beanbags you guys know
about that right it was cheaper for us
to get fifty beanbags
from a supplier on Alibaba than it was
to buy the 15 that we needed locally
anyway check out the March Expo 2020 on
alibaba.com
for more than 300,000 new products March
Expo 2020 is online only
don't worry oh good I can't believe we
don't get to keep this now I'm only
gonna get to play with it a few more
times it doesn't crash when it's running
minecraft no you sure I'm just positive
okay good
cuz I'd be super awkward try it one more
time one more time ready that's good
right good
again so we're gonna build a king
kleiner I don't know three or four
months ago back when we initially
conceptualize this so we were like heck
yeah let's do the greatest creeper PC
build that's ever been done but then now
we're finally finishing it and then the
word on the street is he's quitting
YouTube but then he says he's not
quitting YouTube but then the last time
he uploaded a Minecraft video was like
three weeks ago you know what doesn't
matter who cares we're building the
creeper PC the dough cause V 9 speakers
on Alibaba feature rotating ear cups
that double as a speaker they've got
their March Expo 2020 happening right
now which features more than 300,000 new
and exciting products so go check them
out at the link in the video description
[Music]
so let's go through how we made it
starting with the hardest part which is
the case the skeleton was designed in
fusion 360 over a span of about a month
with a couple of main design goals one
was we wanted there to be enough cooling
for top spec hardware I mean the last
thing you want to do is send someone a
cool custom PC that ends up being a
downgrade
from what they're currently running and
we also wanted no cheating compromises
to the creeper look we weren't gonna
allow ourselves to like oh well you know
we need to extend this leg in order to
bigger graphics card or something like
that so I started with a rough concept
for what I wanted the creeper PC to look
like and once I figured out scale by
taking the form factor of an M ATX
motherboard and plugging in into fusion
360 and just scaling of creeper shape
around it then I could start building
the actual frame from aluminum extrusion
so after I had the actual frame built
and scaled properly then I can skin it
put all the components in it and pray it
all fits together as a bonus goal we
wanted the head to pop off like kind of
like a you know like boom you know
explosion moment with the press of a
button which I actually have right here
but I can't do right now cuz this head
was by far the hardest part of this
entire build it went through like three
design changes so how it works now is
there's two solenoids latches that are
like four gate latches that clip into
little tabs that I take welded into the
bottom of the creeper head so these guys
you can just come down and they'll pop
right into place like so and now it's
latched and active so once we give it
power off comes the head
initially it didn't have enough support
the head is just a little bit too heavy
so for the first time I tested it oh we
have footage of this actually the head
pops off and it just
it flops all the way down we can't have
a flaccid paper no no classic creepers
so there's limiting straps that I
installed on each corner to keep it just
floating just so and without it falling
off of the support axis in the center it
was also really challenging getting the
string from the spring just right
because that jack-in-the-box
effect requires you to get it balanced
just right I think you nailed it
Gomis so this is it we just start
building now right yeah so for our power
supply we actually didn't end up going
with a full sized ATX unit even though
we possibly could have I guess this
saves us a little bit of space where we
could have mounted a hard drive in the
front and emergency but other than that
is there any rationale behind the 800
watt Silverstone SF XL no it's just a
really nice little dense power supply
it's easier to fit so mounting for this
pretty straightforward we've got some
double-sided tape on the bottom here but
that's not actually what holds it
together what actually holds it in place
is this bracket on the back here which
is a bent piece of sheet aluminum and
this looks like it was quite the little
piece to get right well thankfully I
didn't have to make it ah
our friends at proto case Friends of
proto case it's good to have friends and
fabrication places sure is so do I get
to do most of the building you've
already built it so it's really
important we get this first little drop
right because once that tape goes down
it's not coming off
a little lower there this it's really
nice working with proto case on stuff
like this too just because they
specialize in PC stuff so you don't have
to explain to them things like you know
why the spacing needs to be just so on a
power supply Mel yeah
actually use their template designer
which is really neat it has cutouts for
most of the stuff I used here being able
to just draw in a motherboard and have
all the holes be in the right space was
fantastic push that down power supply is
in I think you're supposed to hold this
tape for about 30 seconds GPU we can do
it so how the GPU is mounted is we have
a little bracket I machine
yep we have cable mud to thank for these
cables see how flat those are oh okay
it fits to within an eighth of an inch
wow that's really tight okay so how does
this go in here this just like goes
under there and that sandwiches it down
and that's it that's it that's it before
we tighten it yeah
it's best now to do the power supply
cables so that it hold on a second we
better do this peel - that's a really
unsatisfying peel this is a really
cool-looking card though so it's got a
triple slot cooler we weren't sure how
much airflow we were gonna be able to
get into this bottom foot so it was all
about making sure that our card has a
really really good cooler on it but this
is an RT X xx atti so basically as good
as it gets for Minecraft with RT X let
me give you a a good angle on it here
and then I can just drop it right into
place basically this is the spot and I
can crank it down now then right yep
that's the only thing holding it in
place I do I'm actually a little bit
worried we might I've seen things in
shipping that would make your blood curl
curdle blood curdle hair curl if we put
like a u-shaped foam piece at the back
I'd feel a ton better and just glued
that in the vibrations and drops so a
lot of this mass there's a lot of
leverage here yeah I think can actually
rip the PCI plate right off the card
I've seen you've seen that I've seen it
I've seen PCI Express slots ripped off
motherboards and the PCI Plate ripped
off F some choke just just you know
shipping to Alberta from here how
difficult would it be for us to
fabricate a hold down strap for this as
well it's it's taped it's not going
anywhere you'd have to be really trying
to have that dislodge I have seen power
supplies ripped out of like standard
cases like the screws sheared off in
shipping and banging around inside them
I love tape as much as the next person
but because this whole thing is held
together with tape think about it a
little right I just have to put it on a
pallet yeah I wouldn't all box this okay
all right so that's in we can put the
heart in so which way does it go on
standoffs here okay and then for
standoffs where the
Oh fantastic so is this motherboard tray
custom yes Wow did proto case make that
first as well
I designed it proto case cut that that's
actually steel so it's a little bit more
rigid nice that's a good call
so in terms of the hardware we're using
we're running a Maximus 7 gene so we
went with em ATX so that we could have a
little bit more expandability it's only
got a single PCI Express 16 that slot
but if you wanted to add 10 gave it
networking or whatever or they else down
the line we've got another 4x slot up
here it's got basically everything you
could want built-in onboard AC Wi-Fi USB
3 you know type C blah blah blah etc etc
and more importantly because we're not
putting a hard drive in this it's got a
ton of em to expansion so we've got a 2
terabyte NP 600 in here we've got room
for another one here and then this thing
columns holding this is their latest BIM
dot 2 goes in here and holds another 2 m
dot 2 drives so that should be that
should be enough plenty of storage yeah
those are some big ol screws so we went
pretty basic in terms of cooling I'm not
expecting him to overclock or anything
like that and given that we're running a
99 hundred K a single 120 millimeter a
IO with a replacement fan we went with a
knock to a fan you want the whole system
to be nice and quiet seemed like a
pretty good bet now I'm sure there are
many many of you that are gonna be like
he had its video why didn't you go AMD
the answer is that we started playing
this project like four months ago yeah
AMD didn't have anything that was taught
to your for gaming at that time what do
you want from us which way do you like
the twos oh I have the tubes sticking
out just like that way oh yeah that
should work so what's really cool about
having the cooling configured this way
with our thick rad and our 120
millimeter fan actually pulling air and
then blowing it out this way is that the
exhaust comes out around the head so
it's nice and dispersed there's not
going to be like a hot zone near the
computer and the intake for this fan is
going to be drawing fresh air from the
bottom over the m-dot to the GIMP slots
the V RMS and
all that stuff so it's gonna stay nice
and cool and it's not just this fan
there are actually two eighty millimeter
fans that are going to be pushing air up
from the center crotch cooling TN so
this was one of our challenges right now
felix has 64 gigs of ram in his system
according to the information we were
able to find we didn't talk to him about
this because we wanted to be a surprise
now this board in spite of being mitx
only has two memory slots because it
takes up so much room for all these MDOT
twos so we ended up needing to use these
special try to z DC series memory
modules so these are basically like two
sticks in one so each of these is 32
gigs for a total of 64 gigs of DDR for
3,200 CL 14 that should be plenty for
our Intel platform $1500 ish not for 1
for 2 and of course there are GB
completely hidden this panel is gonna be
held on by magnets so we actually can't
have anything pressing on it there we go
so you can see the crotch is more than
just cooling there's actually room for
cable cutouts and PCI Express and stuff
like that to run in between them so that
you don't really see it but it's I mean
it it has to run there there was no way
to be true to the shape of the creeper
without having a little bit of cheating
in between here so that will go in
probably last yeah if we want to post it
we can just plug it all in and make sure
it functions we can verify that the
header jacks I ran all of these runs
with string before I order the cables ok
it's got to be an easier way than that
mmm not that I'd found so this is the
head ejection system so what we have
here is a remote relay these are really
cheap I think it was like $8.00 runs on
4 to 12 volts but one of the problems I
encountered with the solenoid system
here is that when the spring force is
pushing up on the latches here there's
so much spring force that you can't
actually eject the head yep so what we
have here is we have 12 volt then being
sent into a boost converter which helps
this to like 18 and a half-ish volts
then that trip that over volts these
solenoids enough enough and it works
plugging in the power supply and BOM
Jayanti sings friggin heavy dude and I
don't even have the panel's Oh watching
you lift my project scares me and lights
hey how are we do we have a monitor or
anything
oh yeah I can pull one over all the
Keystone's oh yeah we've got like 1 2 3
unnecessary connections all good just
had a cable and a fan there that click
by the way was the solenoids getting
power you can do the honors and we're
posted with all 64 gigs of RAM very nice
okay so we have no more components to
put in it so we want to deal with
installing all of the buttons and stuff
in our panels sure and then the panels
go on
we vinyl Dover all these mounting holes
for the rear i/o so this is our power
and this is gonna be DisplayPort but I'm
gonna need to just make a little hole
it's really tight with the vinyl in
there okay need a nut that is how
finished it's gonna look from the
outside of that that looks great
so this is this one then it's correct
you we're definitely gonna need to
adjust the position of the motherboard a
little bit then so we're gonna move it
up with the main fasteners on both the
rails yeah and then over will be with
the PCB fasteners yeah so let's do the
vertical adjustment first sure which is
you can just do that with a rubber
mallet right absolutely yeah percussive
maintenance send it no really no bad
Linus oh you know what
what are we running into here I think
we're running into I need to tap it
no it doesn't make sense this should
just slide there like locking themselves
yeah okay we want to come down about an
eighth of an inch
that's bang on tap it I might have found
one other small oversight this nut
interferes with this goof that seems you
know Remmel fixable
well not Trudeau was notch it out under
normal circumstances you would never
grind metal creating metal fragments
inside a computer that's already built
but we feel like we've got everything
masked off well enough yeah it's got to
come up a little higher I can see it
through here a little more yeah I see it
yeah actually a lot of the build was
like this you put everything in place
and you can design as as much as you can
and CAD but when it all goes together
sometimes parts aren't the same size as
what the CAD drawing is or any number of
things we got it this time
yeah it's flush okay awesome I know that
I know you want the finish to be similar
I can sleep soundly tonight now
DisplayPort power rear i/o done I think
we're actually ready to really close
yeah we just start peeling panels and
sticking them on
holy smokes well not before we put the
PCI Express connector back in uh huh we
should do any final cable management
okay well the lynchpin in this whole
shebang is this middle panel okay so the
cut outside here yeah that's over we do
that first
I don't know we gotta just fit before we
take off the adhesive oh okay 24 8 and 2
PCIe I'm just worried about cable
lengths they'll be fine honestly okay
all right I have done every surface on
my side here I'm just gonna finish this
this VHB tape is like super list sticky
so we don't want to be pulling things
off once we've applied it because we
could end up bending it what's that
it's a razor for pulling the VHB tape
off now so this side is the PCI side huh
snuck that LTTE logo in there we have a
little bit of a cutout that
totally planned and not done after the
fact yeah to give a little bit of
clearance for ribbon cable that 120
millimeter fan is gonna take care of
intake for our graphics card which does
it have an exhaust or is it just pass
through so all the exhaust comes out the
foot at the bottom so they're elevated
up on these little bumpers okay
perfect the oh oh I didn't take the
adhesive backing off at the very top
okay all right yeah everything's clear
up ribbon cables a little stressed but
okay oh yeah it's quite contacted yeah
well yep that one's on for better for
worse
I need more oh I'm good everything's
fine
so that's on there this way these cables
can't come loose and stick into the fan
or anything nasty like that that would
be a real pain to diagnose and fix all
right shall we line up the other side I
think we should just stick it and then
run the cables sure yep okay you do
bottom I'll do top but I think that's a
lot better than the last time we should
have done that last time that's like
perfect reliving we're learning and it's
worth noting I haven't seen it with all
the panels on it either
that's just bubble wrap nice okay that
looks pretty clean because the 24 pin
covers everything else now yeah what do
you get a guy like PewDiePie for
Christmas someone asked me on Twitter
it's like what do people buy you for
Christmas and I said socks I actually
truly the greatest gift well the fans on
the bottom are hooked up they're both
into a single header that should have
easy software control okay do you want
to come back on this side and stick on
the head ejection system okay here we go
this is a sick build thanks sure do can
I actually get another one of those two
Ltd store.com mmm that's a new store to
come I noticed that the power supply
isn't plugged in yet oh wait if we grab
the belt sander see if our shaving our
connector oh nice man no problem
so that's plugged in now I mean do you
want to do that one for weight also
though we do not I don't know if I
shaved it enough to fit through here
there we are professionals oh so I
wanted it as far away from the PCI
Express extender as I could get it oh
you think power like the frequency will
I don't know for sure
gosh what I know is that I don't feel
like dealing with it oh that is a
problem
me neither yeah also I'll line up the
bottom again and you line up the top
okay I think I'm good as we're gonna get
Wow what we do next - why don't we close
up the feet I have a image of a creeper
because I want to make sure we get the
panels on in the correct orientation so
you want to get the actual like pixels
yeah pixels in the correct spots oh
we're going for accuracy here right all
right all right a dark corner goes
towards the side yep yep now seems like
a good moment to shout out proto case
with their fantastic high precision
laser cutting they actually made all
these panels for us before we had them
sent off to the vinyl wrapping shop this
head is a piece of art it's all aluminum
and it's well that sharp edges and you
can't weld it too fast otherwise it'll
just melt so they're like slowly dabbing
well we'll put in some footage of this
it's incredible
so going on you better believe it these
are different yeah we don't have this is
why is the left different from the right
one small error all right so I'll just
put it on a random way then yep
okay oh no that's too far off okay
that's gonna happen a lot all right I'm
calling that good enough I'm sorry if
it's not good enough
okay so what's the foot is that the foot
that is the foot so we still end up with
about a millimeter of gap on my side I
can take a little more I think we're
gonna have to live with that
yep like that looks pretty darn good
alright should we put a big panel on
wait no this isn't the same this is the
front that's the back minor problem we
put double-sided tape on the front piece
and magnetic strips on the back piece
just kind of take all this off how those
really no good anymore
yeah the adhesives toast okay and that's
it's literally on there okay go ahead
okay those cables will never be seen you
know very good
I like cables great so we've now got
magnets on the back of this panel yep
but this is an aluminum chassis so it's
aluminum I've made four neodymium magnet
stacks and I've counterbored half inch
holes which fit these so we just give
this little tap and will deform the
aluminum around the magnet and it will
hold it in place
no okay hey nice that is quite flush sir
and then you're gonna want to do
probably six or eight all around the
periphery and it's dead can't make it
worse all right are you doing that by
hand mm-hmm oh it's a spring-loaded
thing you're not doing it by hand boop
boop
all right so now we put the front on
that yeah oh wow
yeah nailed it to the edge it's done oh
wait it's not done huh
should have done this earlier wait no
this is no problem cuz we thought of
this Oh gorgeous
monitor keyboard mouse water keyboard
mouse let's do it this thing seriously
does look like just a computer graphic
brought to life like it's crazy
should I power it on I'm so happy with
how well that head retains itself like
getting it to latch and release every
time perfectly literally took four days
if you were him do you leave it down so
that you can like do this on a whim or
do you leave it up so you can just no I
totally leave it up you leave it up we
gotta like game on this thing
darphus a microscope it actually works
yeah worst case scenario head down head
down yeah so I'm gonna hit the GPU with
the msi combustor built-in stress test
and I'm gonna hit the CPU with a blender
classroom render excellent so we are
turbo into 4.7 gigahertz all course our
CPU is sitting at anywhere from 80 mid
to 90 low remember this is under an all
core load while stressing both the CPU
and GPU our GPU is sitting pretty darn
healthy actually around 60 to 63 degrees
I think it's safe to call that a success
I mean we're gonna want to leave this
run for a little bit make sure that it
actually holds at these temps but it
seems like it's actually doing a
perfectly good job of getting rid of the
heat
yeah great job Colin white really does
just look like like a like a piece of
video game just sitting on your desk
doesn't it
what just happened it turned off I was
trying to troll James I was asking him
how it looks up close and I tried to
trigger the head while it was under load
current spike current spike how
power-hungry is that it's pulling like
four amps at 12 volts so like 48 watts
it's only 50 watts it's an 800 watt
power supply maybe don't stress test it
and hit the button I mean that's kind of
funny
okay we might have to live with this
particular little design flaw it's a
feature let me see if it happens again
let me see what happens again full
stress I couldn't send it I think the
odds of that happening are pretty slim
yes I have my job for another day oh 66%
chance mm-hmm so then outside of a
couple minor finishing touches it's done
it's playing Minecraft
it looks like minecraft and it may not
be the world's first creeper PC but you
know what I think it's the best one so
come at me bro I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you like this kind of
hacky project D type stuff you might
want to also check out our series on the
hack Pro the Mac Pro hackintosh
competitor to Apple's real Mac Pro we're
gonna have that linked below and I guess
all that remains now is to thank our
sponsor today's video is sponsored by
alibaba.com featuring the dough cost v92
and one headphone and speaker it
features 3 custom EQ presets including
balanced extra powerful bass and high
definition sound as well as Bluetooth
5.0 they've got interchangeable magnetic
ear cups
headband is made of nylon with PVD
plating alibaba.com offers a wide
variety of suppliers from all over the
world from the u.s. to China to Italy to
India and more we've actually used them
before for all kinds of stuff like when
we've got those beanbags you guys know
about that right it was cheaper for us
to get fifty beanbags
from a supplier on Alibaba than it was
to buy the 15 that we needed locally
anyway check out the March Expo 2020 on
alibaba.com
for more than 300,000 new products March
Expo 2020 is online only
don't worry oh good I can't believe we
don't get to keep this now I'm only
gonna get to play with it a few more
times it doesn't crash when it's running
minecraft no you sure I'm just positive
okay good
cuz I'd be super awkward try it one more
time one more time ready that's good
right good
for the hour so that we need to
broadcast guys I want to start the show
though with a big shout out to the one
and only lukla frontier okay because he
has been sitting on the line about an
hour with me not being ready to
broadcast we're only an hour and 23
minutes late it's not that bad yeah you
know what okay here's the thing we've
done worse
so what are you probably wondering why
we are broadcasting from the comfort of
our homes today Luke what's your story
why are you at home
why can you just go to the office so
that I could video call in and we could
use the regular stream set up Luke well
in my defense to talk about this my
girlfriend is high risk for the current
thing that's out in the world that I'm
not going to name because we're allowed
to talk about it now YouTube has eased
the restrictions on talking about Kovan
okay yes girlfriend my girlfriend is
high risk for kovat for some reasons
that I'm not gonna bother going to and
that maybe she's elderly she's elderly
big she's over 80 so 20% 20% risk of
mortality yeah you get it
we understand just being careful for
that reason yeah going out only when I
really need to and I didn't realize it
was going to be a problem to be clear
yeah it was it was a big problem if I
knew it was gonna be a problem I could
have just done the setup on my end we
could have just done the same thing but
reversed
why didn't you suggest that I could have
done that so much faster I mean okay I'm
going to suggest for next week we might
want to do that but you don't you don't
like my setup here wait okay
I feel like the OBS side of things and
stuff yeah yeah sure whatever whatever
you say I forget did you ever end up
with a video feed of me no okay cool so
Luke has no video feed of me but the
good news there is that that means that
if I yes okay good I think I can add an
item to our scene here yeah here we go
so here's my laptop webcam because I
want to show you guys what the streaming
setup looks like today hopefully without
disconnecting anything okay so on my
left there we go on my left I have this
USB dongle which is my Ethernet
connection my HDMI out to an external
monitor and my USB connection to okay
ignore that USB audio interface we're
not using that but we're using that USB
capture card over there okay hold on
wait for it wait for it gets even better
the HDMI out connection is to this
external portable monitor on the floor
which is what I'm using to both boot
space and bring him into the OBS on my
right is a go XLR USB XLR interface and
then I was supposed to use some some XLR
microphone but I was having issues with
the the stand that they sent me now that
I'm sitting on my couch because I
couldn't use my TV and using my computer
upstairs was not convenient because it's
in a separate room and so plugging all
this stuff in via USB had the potential
to cause a bottleneck because I just
have one USB five gigabit per second
link over optical so what I decided to
do was use my my XLR wireless microphone
so this is a lavalier mic so I'm wearing
that pack in my lap right here okay so
that's on my belt and then to monitor
audio I have these headphones plugged
into the go XLR so that I can hear
myself and make sure everything's all
good and then I have in ear monitors
which I am using to listen to Luke
[Laughter]
there's so many solutions happening all
at once yes and none of them are great
it's an actual miracle that this is
working as well as okay so so why didn't
your desktop work my desktop so much of
this would be so much easier if you are
on a desktop okay my desktop was gonna
be a pain in the butt because I don't
have a convenient way to mount a good
camera behind my monitor because all
I've gots a big tripod so I would have
had to use a webcam which I thought we
weren't using but then you went and
showed up with a webcam no one told me
anything
look it doesn't matter point is I look
better than you for the first time ever
in spite of my days of self-isolation
facial hair that I've got looks pretty
good thank you and so okay so there was
that plus the fact that my desktop is in
a different room from the monitor so
that means that I have only a single
five gigabit per second optical link and
between the capture card and the audio
interface and all the other things that
I have on there my mouse my keyboard
everything I was worried that I would
overcome that link now I do technically
have a thunderbolt doc there but my
Thunderbolt doc or the cable or the
Thunderbolt interface on my AMD
motherboard super-weird one of those
things is not working it is not working
so I so I was like okay oh also there's
no convenient way for me to light that
room like there's just a bunch of
problems doing it next to my desktop
so then I thought okay I'll do it with
in the living room with my media PC and
then I realized what was the problem
I remember there's some problem doing it
through the media PC and so I settled on
just broadcasting off my laptop
shout out to Dell 2 because this XPS 13
2 and 1 its handling this like a champ
I'm at like 60% CPU usage and 70% GPU
usage and yeah I like I'm good I'm good
as long as I got my dongle my life is
amazing if I don't have my dongle my
life is over so if that dongle gets
disconnected this whole stream is done
completely done why don't we why don't
we
talk about what kind of topics you cut
for the wind show today ladies and
gentlemen doesn't this feel like such a
throwback where the first half of the
show is why the show is an hour late
yeah yeah we're just doing a retro
stream that's all that's really going on
yeah is you know what honestly this
whole week has felt like that I think
talking about what it's been like to
work from home is definitely gonna be a
topic for the wind right this week yeah
I know you asked me if I had any other
topics and then I have only just now
realized that I do one of the topics
that I would bring up is that I've been
helping my dad and the Cape you plumbing
department in general switched to online
education that's that Kwantlen
University is what Polytechnic yeah yeah
so that's that's been a really
interesting experience and cool I would
like to talk about it
we've also got AMD and Xbox GPU source
code stolen that's amazing
that seems terrible Apple is restricting
cloud gaming services on iOS which is
basically par for the course I guess for
those guys but you know we'll talk about
what that means for game streaming as a
whole what else we got this interesting
Luke Firefox begins paid ad free service
it's interesting that's spicy and then
of course oh sorry I thought you weren't
gonna do it you go ahead
well I don't know which one you're gonna
do well though the headline topic I was
thinking maybe we'd do the headline you
know it makes it like YouTube default
playback is now 480p ooh
what oh my what spicy alright so we're
gonna roll the intro but I want to warn
you guys in advance um there yet there's
no audio
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you know what I don't care it doesn't
matter it's over that was it that was
the only time we were gonna experience
that on today's stream because
realistically I'll forget to do the
other thing alright so let's talk about
YouTube defaulting video playback to
480p because that is a pretty bizarre
thing for them to do at least in normal
times so there are users that have been
reporting in Europe as of last week that
YouTube has been defaulting them to 480p
not even regular HD resolution and now
that change is being rolled out globally
so we actually had a handful of people
at the office notice it today actually I
believe it's yeah alex is the one who
posted this in the wine show dock but
there's actually a very reasonable
explanation for all of this you know
Luke would you consider dropping down
floatplanes default video quality in
this time and why I don't think we're
gonna quite have the impact like YouTube
turning down their default playback
would would result in a very large
amount of users that aren't gonna bother
click a button to change video quality
which is maybe not of the people
watching this stream right now but is
probably a relatively large group of
people that watch YouTube it's going to
result in them sucking up a lot less of
the world's bandwidth especially when I
ever want to stuck at home and this will
like steams and wouldn't have
appreciated it anyway yeah yeah and it's
it's it's this will actually very likely
make a noticeable decrease on the
internet usage of the world which is
crazy and smoke Lane would not at all so
I don't think we're too worried about it
it's probably fine but that does lead us
into why YouTube would do this so the
the Kovach 19 pandemic has caused a
massive uptick in global internet usage
for a variety of reasons so
number one is that people are stuck at
home with nothing to do so what are they
doing they're going on Netflix they're
gaming they're watching twitch streams
there they're playing didn't Steam
logged their most ever users online and
that was without any kind of crazy
launch that was before the half-life
Alex launch that was I mean what do
maternal was coming out around that time
but and like there were a lot of people
playing it but you know what was it like
20 million concurrence or something
stupid like that and if i murder quickly
even just like counter-strike itself had
like the most users its ever had which
is a crazy big tournament in the last
you know week or something that's need
to go play csgo again or anything like
that just yeah people are sitting at
home with nothing to do and then the
other big factor is going to lead us
into our next topic here pretty nicely
is the explosion in work from home
measures that are being implemented by
employers so basically the cold-hearted
truth of it is that unless you
absolutely have to as a business you are
not shutting down and like that's a good
thing it's good for the business owners
it's good for if they're big enough
businesses it's good for their
shareholders and it's good for the
employees people want to work like my
staff is not coming to me and saying hey
I'd really like to get laid off right
about now no honestly I mean I think
some people have this perception that
like if there's a government handout
that people would like to take that but
we absolutely are working on something I
in fact I think there was some news
about that today was it like a thousand
dollars or something like that I don't
know whatever I don't know it was
supposed to be for people who are
impacted by the Kovach night you know
break but there's literally no one on my
staff that's like yeah I sure would like
to not have a job and I'd sure like that
that government handout if I can have it
so you know our goal is a business is to
this to be has operational as we
possibly can and all while keeping other
people safe so we've probably got a good
bond what percentage of people are
actually in the office right now a third
maybe no one from floatplane for sure
yeah no one from
Planes there if you count those guys
we're probably closer to like a quarter
yeah so so basically the only people in
office are the studio management guys so
Tyler and Mattias are in because they
need to actually physically move things
around we don't have any of our regular
shooters in right now because Brandon's
on vacation and I think he could have
been like oh you know what you guys are
kind of short-staffed I could probably
not take the vacation but the flip side
of that is he had his vacation booked
and that's a perfect opportunity to
quarantine yourself for two weeks so
like he's been hanging around at home as
far as I can tell
David's out self quarantined he got a
note sorry why would I not I'm not why
does it matter oh I guess okay well
whatever so the point is everyone's out
and the only people who are in are we've
got some of the editors in we've
actually been experimenting though with
people editing from home which I think
was gonna be possible but this is kind
of crazy we've got a video that's gonna
be coming out about this um do you know
parsec yeah okay so for those who are
not familiar parsec okay you know what
hold on before I transition to this
topic I do want to finish up with this
basically yeah there's an explosion in
work from home measures which is a
combination of remote access to files or
to desktops file sharing that's being
done sort of over the Internet
rather than over a local network yeah
and then another big one is video
conferencing so who is it shoot I forget
is it zoom I think it's zoom was saying
that their their user base just like
absolutely freaking exploded overnight
so it's having a significant impact so I
think we had positioned in the title on
thumbnail of this video YouTube
degrading quality as like it might be
some kind of a bad about rageous thing
but actually it's fantastic because as
long as people don't care enough to
click a like one click - clicks - clicks
is all it takes for them to change the
quality
so if they don't care enough to make two
clicks then they can significantly
decrease the amount of bandwidth that
they're consuming and that gives us an
opportunity to have better internet for
people who need it more like people who
are working from home or offices that
are trying to coordinate remote workers
yeah I know from from my experience
trying to work on this I mean most most
the floatplane stuff is is just fine
all we all we really do collaboratively
in terms of videos talking to each other
is we do like meetings twice a week and
those have been not really impacted I
didn't expect they would be but my my
dad's thing and his school I've worked
on a discord server for them and we set
up it's actually kind of a cool set up
every teacher has their own category and
that category has like a few different
text channels and a few different voice
channels Leija the interesting
permissions and everything set up so
that you get like enrolled in a class
when you join the discord server and
then you could access to just that
Channel and blah blah blah but getting
streaming working for them was a hurdle
because they're not like twitch
streamers their plumbing instructors so
that was and they were like never heard
of discord before other than my dad and
and all this other kind of stuff but
they've been they've been picking it up
and we ended up figuring out that like
even though you can stream your screen
or your camera or whatever discord is
fairly limited in terms of like having
multiple things on-screen and whatnot
right so I've had them start I had them
all install OBS and even though I don't
think you can stream through discord
with OBS but I used that as like a
canvas program so they were able to lay
out their screen and then full screen
projector source their whole scene and
then capture their screen if that makes
sense so this is interesting the chat is
basically exploding with people saying
that they are limited to 720p are you
guys talking about the stream we're on
right now or are you guys talking about
YouTube in general that's a lot let us
know let us know which is limited to
20p right now but that's the source so I
think you're streaming in 720p oh okay
it doesn't say that I am which is weird
I saw I just checked I saw that and so I
decided to check the OBS settings and
it's definitely set 200 I don't have
rescale output checked but it says 1920
by 1080 next to that you know what I
didn't oh yeah okay it's because I
created a new profile and it's it was in
720p
remember when I had to change the
streaming size alright sorry about that
guys yes this is a 720p stream today
alright yeah so don't worry about it
it's all good that's not YouTube's wide
that's just yet another thing that went
wrong with this dream today alright so
let's talk about some some other remote
work options all right some other remote
work stuff one of the things that we've
been experimenting with is parsec so for
those of you who are not familiar parsec
is a company that's really focused on
remote gaming so that's a space that's
really exploding right now you've got in
video with their GeForce now you've got
Sony's offering you've got Microsoft
Project X cloud you've got who else did
we oh yeah Google with Stadium and then
and then of course you've got some of
the more the more kitschy niche ones we
actually got a ton of criticism in our
recent roundup of game streaming service
for not including Shadow Tech and I feel
like it must have gotten cut in the Edit
or something because we did mention them
but we had decided not to include them
in a roundup of these game streaming
services because we really felt that
Shadow Tech was almost a different
category of game streaming service not
that similar to something like a GeForce
now we're especially a google stadia so
what shadow tech is is a virtualized
desktop and basically what they're
running is their if I recall correctly
they're they're taking each box which
has many CPU cores and then multiple
GPUs and then much like we've did we
have seven gamers one CPU or six
workstations one CPU they're cordoning
off those resources so every one of
these virtual
aiming rigs gets its own GPU and then a
segment are a chunk of the CPU course
and then what you do is whenever you
want a game you can use any device you
want whether it's like an Android phone
or Android TV even or a laptop and then
you remote into that virtual desktop and
you use the performance of that virtual
desktop in order to play your games or
edit video or whatever the case may be
all right so there's a reason I'm
telling this little story anyway maybe
we should do a follow-up where we check
out shadow tech compared to these other
solutions but what's different about it
is that when you when you log into a
shadow box you're basically just looking
at like a desktop you have to like
install your own games and stuff like
there's no there's no like pretty
launcher and stuff like that you just
you're just using a computer it just
happens to be you know a hundred miles
away or a thousand miles away or
whatever the case may be so we didn't
really consider it to be a proper
mainstream game streaming service also
anecdotally I've heard that their wait
list to get a shadow box is like six
months or something like that and every
time we mention it apparently it gets
really really bad so if it wasn't six
months it probably will be again now
that we've just mentioned it online when
we do our sponsored video for them a
while back apparently they just were
buried for like actually months in
request cuz there's a limit to how much
data center space that you can get and
how quickly you can you can scale up
like there's cash flow considerations so
back to parsec parsec is kind of like
shadow tech except that instead of
remoting into their data center to use
the machine you remote into your own
computer to use it remotely so totally
different from like a g-force now or
Google stadia because you actually have
to own the hardware but it's like shadow
tech in that you are able to access it
remotely and use it as though you're
sitting in front of it and parsec like
shadow tech has really put a lot of
emphasis on a couple of things number
one is keeping their latency as as low
as possible and number two is working on
both absolute and relative mousemove
and making sure that they are translated
correctly across this over Internet
access connection so what that means I
actually had to ask what that meant I
was familiar with the concept but I
didn't know the terms so absolute mouse
movement refers to when you move your
mouse and your pointer moves
corresponding to it and then when you
when you pick up your pointer it like
stays there okay
relative mouse bar when you let go it
stays where it is relative mouse
movement refers to when you're like
rotating an object within a CAD program
or you are gaming where your mouse
pointer is actually sort of virtually
centered in the screen and then you're
just like panning around and it's so so
that movement is relative to its
starting point not that it stays there
does that kind of make sense was that a
good enough explanation Luke yeah yeah
okay cool so anyway as it turns out a
bunch of the work that parsec has done
to make it great for gaming also happens
to make it great for video editors or 3d
designers or I have people who work in
game studios who are working on
animations or or modeling so I thought
that was pretty cool they actually just
rolled out a professional level service
and it's got not much going for it right
now actually so you have to pay for it
per seat and then you have the ability
to have multiple monitors but only by
switching between them and like
TeamViewer can already do that but team
viewers much leggy er like it's totally
different experience so you could have
multiple monitors and then there's like
administrative stuff so an administrator
can determine who has access to which
stations and things like that so it's
but but it's fundamentally the same
technology and we actually have tried
using it for remote video editing and
it's not color accurate enough like you
would still need to do a local you'd
have to like take your finished project
and do a passive color correction or
you'd have to have one person at a
central location that's like your
colorist for for all of your video
projects but in terms of the response
this it's basically the ping time
between you and the server which because
our office happens to be like crazy
crazy fast and like a super high tier
low latency connection is pretty good
for all of our workers who happen to be
in the Vancouver area plus about a frame
so that's your total latency so it's
pretty work with the Bulls not perfect
but yeah we're gonna have a video coming
about that what have you guys done to
make remote working easier I mean you've
got remote people already I guess it
hasn't been much of an adjustment yeah I
was gonna say everyone went home there
wasn't there wasn't a lot of adapting I
yeah that's that's pretty much it
everyone was already set up to be able
to work at home it's it was it was
extremely not an issue it took maybe
less than a fifth of a day for one or
two people to adjust and then that was
about it okay so our side is pretty
simple here's the big question is will
this experience change anything about
the way that you work moving forward and
I'd love to hear from people in the chat
as well in my opinion no we've already
been set up at flow plane for a hybrid
of remote work and local work we have
already set a precedence that it's okay
but preferred for you to be in locally
and I still think like I've seen a lot
of posts going out about like oh they
said working from home was impossible
and look what's happening now it's like
well no it was it was extremely
unreasonable given that it was fine to
come in and work locally and I would
still prefer that everyone is local so
yeah I don't I don't think anything's
going to really change in that regard
yeah this was this was in terms of the
difficulty of switching how we work this
was extremely light touch for
because flow plane was extremely well
set up for this already right okay
people are complaining about the volume
levels okay don't worry guys I'm working
on it I'm working on it I turned Luke
down I turned me up sorry about that I
mean for me man I don't know thing about
video production is a lot of things work
a lot better
when you're in person and one of the
things that I get a lot of feedback that
people like about working at LMG is that
people don't like the community we have
people who live in Vancouver and are
commuting all the way up to Cloverdale
which is not great but I've had multiple
people without any prompting bring up in
their annual reviews last time around
that one of the great things about LMG
is that they could go for a beer with
literally anyone on staff and you know
depending who it is they might not be
BFFs or whatever but like it'd be a good
time yeah good and I feel like it'd be
really hard to have that level of
camaraderie and that kind of a team
dynamic if you're not in the same place
doing the same stuff seeing each other's
faces no it takes work and like honestly
a decent part of the reason why we have
those those two meetings the Monday and
Friday meeting is so that everyone at
least hears each other twice a week
right and I'm not even kidding like
there's there's been a not insignificant
amount of those meetings that at the end
of the day probably didn't need to
happen right but they don't take that
long they're all pretty short unless
there's like a big discussion that needs
to happen and we needed the meeting
anyways but if that isn't there they're
all pretty short and at least everyone
checks in with each other there's that
vocal check in because I know sometimes
there's there's a lot of loss in
translation when it comes to just
communicating through text oh yeah isn't
everyone's first language like I know
you've got people overseas and like yeah
and people not overseas people in Canada
we have other languages in Canada yeah
and and and different cultures there's
different approaches to problem cultures
in Canada yes yeah and there's
there's tonal shifts and expectations in
terms of communication that happens
differently based on different cultures
so one culture might think that a
certain form of communication even if
the language medium is the same if
they're both speaking English they might
think that a certain form of
communication is very respectful
meanwhile different culture might think
that that exact form of communication is
notably offensive in some way yeah so
boomers for example have you noticed
they put ellipses on everything like
every every time my parents text me I'm
like you know how ominous this sounds
right okay have you noticed that yeah
yeah and and and the single K yeah yeah
hey ellipses I'm like you know what that
means right that means it's not okay
means the very opposite of okay yeah but
they don't seem to get it at all yeah so
like it often helps to bridge those
communication issues by getting people
in a voice because tonality can change
so much of the conversation because you
could just hear in someone's voice if
they're like pissed or hot and if
they're oh go ahead glad and and if you
add video on top of that that can often
be helpful to another level it might not
be another level that's really
beneficial or helpful depending on how
kind of adapted your team is if that's
this point how much time they spend
together if they get each other yet or
not but like if if we were to bring a
new member on the team right now I would
probably push at least the majority of
the team to try to have video enabled in
meetings yeah for the first little while
just just so that you can see body
language on top of tonality well part of
it too is like a social credit not like
China's social credit system but I yeah
I mean like an interpersonal
relationship type of credit like if you
as a company you all go like
paintballing together and everyone has a
blast the next time someone butts heads
at work you're gonna have a little bit
of like goodwill in the bank yes to make
it easier for that to not escalate into
something really nasty you know when
people have those kinds of you know yeah
man good times good times when people
have that to fall back on I feel like
it helps a lot and it's hard to do that
not in person I mean gaming's great but
it's not quite the same either like yeah
you know we've had we've had you and the
girlfriend over for and we end up like
sitting and playing video games and like
that was a ton of fun and the game that
we were playing lovers in a dangerous
space-time there's absolutely no reason
whether it's through Steam or through a
service like parsec for example which is
also like a local it's like internet
local multiplayers one of the things
they specialize in there's no reason we
couldn't have played that game from
separate locations and we could still do
that actually it's not a terrible idea
maybe we should play somewhere in that
game anyway but it's more about just
like getting together and hanging out
there I wanted to take a couple a couple
of comments from viewers so Alex
Shepherd says my company is already
talking about maybe not going back
probably by the time the Kovach crisis
subsides about 80% of our company won't
be in the office yeah that doesn't
surprise me that much it's a reasonable
conclusion it's sometimes what needs to
happen is necessity for something to
change so like it might not have been
worth the work to swap that over for a
long time and then you have to suddenly
and now it's like well because I have to
it's inherently worth the work so now we
can switch to this new mode and now I
even be more work to go back the other
way yeah yeah and then the company might
be able to save its significant amount
of money by reducing office space or
whatever else yeah and not just that but
there's like an overall benefit to
people as well like have you noticed
when you have had to go out how little
traffic there is oh yeah when I was
commuting last week before I got like a
bit of a I don't even have a sore throat
it's not sore at all I just have like a
bit of a like kind of a bit of a
occasional wet cough like I've coughed
once this entire land show and like my
voice is low like I feel otherwise a
hundred percent fine but I'm just like
yeah I clearly can't be in the office
right now even just the optics of it
even if you went and got tested and they
were like no it's not kovat 19 just the
optics of being at work sick right now
is just terrible so I've been working
but when I was commuting last week I've
been getting to the office in 15 minutes
normally it takes me like a third longer
than that I haven't even and no I see
the look on your face
no no not because I've got my foot on it
there's just no traffic
yeah there's no traffic nobody's out on
the road it's kind of crazy
I I've been talking for a long time you
and I've had this conversation before
about like future cities and and like
what working and in-person communication
and stuff might look like in the future
because the current state of these like
places in the world that are hyper hubs
of human population with super super
super expensive land and rent and all
that kind of stuff it's I mean I guess
it's relatively sustainable but it would
be way easier if people were able to
spread out with the need to communicate
into these dense areas people usually
want to pack in like crazy because
employers want access to more potential
high skilled employees yes so you want
to put your office somewhere where
there's lots of people and then
everything cranks together and where
you're you know dick feels the biggest
as well that's another thing that really
like annoys me there is no reason why
you know both sports stadiums in
Vancouver need to be in downtown
Vancouver put them somewhere else I mean
when the Olympics came to town they were
like okay let's put the the skating oval
in Richmond and let's put this stuff
over here let's put that stuff over
there yeah yeah why not what what a
novel idea
just put at the end of a train track
yeah and then we're I get it that's the
entertainment district or whatever and
there's lots of restaurants around there
and stuff you know what those
restaurants still gonna be there and if
you go and you put a Sports Arena
somewhere else the restaurants will
probably come I mean isn't that what
city planners do isn't that their job
and at least if you were somewhere else
you know everyone who needs to get to to
work or get home from work on a game
night would actually be able to do it
that would be cool because there's much
larger arteries and I mean
rohde arteries there's much larger
arteries kind of outside the city
because they're designed to bring people
into and out from the city but yeah that
stuff so that's a little separate
conversation chad lafarge says it my job
everyone not just the tech guys are
going agile so people are doing
15-minute stand up to work and Finance
or compliance cool um I took me a long
time to go look at the chat so there's
actually not that many comments about it
anymore but that's fine because we kind
of need to talk about our sponsors today
anyway
unfortunately I don't have anyway that
was weird okay displayed I don't have
any diss plates to point at because I
without thinking ahead intentionally
positioned myself on a blank wall Luke
had the the foresight to at least put
like a fern and some you know tasteful
wood paneling behind us was not me sure
anyway display their their metal prints
that are magnetically mounted to your
wall without as much risk of damaging
your wall cuz they just use like a
sticky thing and then they've got a
magnet on that and then you just stick
this metal print on top of it they've
got over 35,000 artists from 86
countries around the world that have
contributed up there over 800,000
designs they plant a tree for every
displayed sold
they've already planted over 11 million
trees man they must be selling a lot of
displaced boys and girls and basically
they're just like kind of awesome
they've got a hundred day return policy
for a 100% refund if you don't like it
you can pick between matte and gloss
finishes and they've even got the LTTE
collection oh look at that look at that
Luke's gonna loose gonna show us the
display website okay I don't have it
positioned quite right but that's that's
pretty good Luke pretty good I like it I
like it
so yeah use code ltte to save 15% at
mggg slash display when alright do you
want to switch back to yourself or do
you want to go to the moss link now I'll
work on the moss 1 LM GG g / moss
organizer
alright so moss they got all kinds of
good stuff they got their awesome
backpack apparently I'm supposed to be
featuring the black pack which is like a
bigger version of the one that I use
um so if you're bigger than me I'm like
five six what is that 185 centimeters or
whatever that works out to whatever 180
centimeters okay so that's how big I am
I'm not big enough for the black pack so
you know you go ahead you get a black
pack if you're larger than me otherwise
they've got tons of different sizes tons
of different styles the black pack has a
27 litre capacity it's made of 16 ATD
ballistic nylon for durability it's got
an exterior water bottle pocket that is
large enough to fit the LTTE water
bottle LTT store.com it's got built-in
cable management and an available power
cord and USB power bar to keep your
device's charged it's got adjustable
sternum and shoulder straps and a
built-in rain fly to protect your bag
from the elements it fits laptops up to
fifteen point six inches you know for
like big manly men with big manly
laptops and it's got a five year
warranty use golfer code line this tech
to gift and off everything on their site
they've got all kinds of stuff security
tool kit adding a VPN helps you mask
your IP and encrypt traffic to and from
your devices private internet access has
reliable service was over 3,000 servers
in 30 countries I've been using it for
years I think I've had like I don't know
maybe like two something like that and
I've been using it for bang I've been
using it since we were still working
with who was the one we worked with
before I actually can't even remember
tunnel they're tunnel bear so I was
using P ia because why was I using it I
think I switched to it on a trip to
China or something like that because I'm
not gonna guarantee P ia will work in
China because it's a constant arms race
and sometimes it works sometimes it
doesn't but I think it was because P ia
was working for me at that time and I
just never got around to canceling it
and so now I've been using it for years
and years and they now feature wire
guard which is in a beta state there's
no bandwidth caps they've got
configurable encryption and an internet
kill switch to make sure that if your
VPN disconnects you don't accidentally
leak out any data so if you're you know
let's say your torrenting movies or
whatever else you don't want a nasty
letter from your ISP PIAA is gonna make
it so that they can't tell what's coming
in and what's going out you can try it
risk-free with their 30-day money-back
guarantee and you can connect up to five
devices at once with clients for Windows
Mac OS Android iOS and Linux I'm check
it out at L mggg slash p IA when
got that in the lower third right there
that Jake graciously sent over to me
actually Johnno sent this one Jake was
the one who sent over this one because
we didn't have it in the pack that
Johnno sent that was another thing that
went wrong with yes that is what my
voice sounds like right now which is why
I've been recording all my videos from
home this week so so you like the uh you
you like me work from home scrap Hey I
mean I guess you would or you'd have to
at least say you like it cuz otherwise
how would you justify it i mine is uh
out of necessity because I look terrible
without one I think yours just looks
good I know you've you've experimented a
couple times but I think this like level
of scruff looks pretty good I think it
makes me look very very homeless really
yeah it's funny because I will I'll look
at myself in the mirror I'll be like I
look awful and I'll like try and fix my
hair I'll be like oh I've got like two
or three days of stubble that's the
problem and I'll go shave and be like
yeah that's better cuz let's face it
there's no fixing my hair mind you today
it's kind of funny this is actually no
gel I just like kind of ran my hands
through it before I went to bed cuz my
scalp was it to you not cuz I intended
to do it and then I slept on it and it
was like it's weird like see it's only
at the front it's like it's like a
peacock in front of the face kind of I
have an issue where I needed a haircut
like probably a couple months ago and I
was just putting it off like I normally
do and then now everyone's like stuck
indoors and I can't go to the
hairdresser anymore so there's personal
services are literally closed like by
dog you cannot go to a hairdresser in
British Columbia right now yes oh so uh
it's getting pretty bad it's really long
like it was already to the point where
it was like kind of you know I really
should have gone by now and now it's
been two three weeks since then and it's
just mm-hmm insanely long it's gonna get
to the point where like if this ends up
going for a very long time I'm probably
just gonna buzz it
again really it's been a long time since
then okay what do you think should I do
should I order like the top five like
trimmers off Amazon like do a review
that could be interesting is there an
opportunity here like you you can't you
can't go to a hairdresser anymore yeah
so as a guy how do you take care of
yourself yeah exactly
III was I would easily watch that I
already own one anyway but like that
would be that would be it's not very
good I actually hate it so this would be
an opportunity for me to expense a new
one yeah I mean there you go it solved
all right what else we got to talk about
today oh okay that would be an
interesting little series of videos
actually is like you what you are doing
to make the best of this kovat 19 thing
like what what is Linus doing well I
mean I do have that work-from-home thing
coming up yeah I'm gonna be like how can
you use tech in this time to like better
yours and your family's lives well stuck
at home I mean I would say you know if
you can afford it a VR headset is a
great way to make exercise fun when
you're stuck at home cuz that's another
big one is I have like look at these
shakes
oh you can't you can't you'll see it in
15 seconds or whatever but like that is
my badminton withdrawal I have not
played badness is the longest I've gone
without playing badminton in probably
years I play at minimum once every two
weeks like if I've gone two weeks Yvonne
knows there's like there's no
negotiation I need to go play because
we've worked it out such that I don't
really do anything else like I'm not I'm
not out at the bar or like like I don't
have a social life
so like the one thing I do is I go with
my my badminton friends and I play once
a week and if I miss one then I
definitely play the next week and if
it's not on my regularly scheduled night
we're gonna move it we're gonna put it
on
knightly cuz if I'm traveling on that
night or whatever the case may be and
she's super cool about it she'll always
cover for me with the kids
but I haven't been able to because all
the gyms are closed you know I cannot
play I actually did the this is the most
stupid total like dumb impulse purchase
that I have made in quite some time
but one of my my friends showed me this
let me see if I can find it it's like
this weird thing it's like actually oh
yeah I think I found it it's actually a
coach in Canada that developed this
thing and I don't think it's gonna work
very well but I just I have to have
something to get my - shake my sillies
out I just covered you with it so it's a
little like I think it's made of like
wool or something I don't know what it's
made of
we're like a yarn but it's a little ball
that's about the same weight and kind of
apparently feels the same to hit as a
badminton shuttle and you can kind of
practice some of your your reflex drills
and your control drills and hit it
against the wall without damaging your
wall and I was like okay how much is
this wow $15 for three little stupid
balls that is way too much money but I'm
gonna do it because I am so bored so I
thought that's interesting I mean it's
not like the most insane thing ever and
it's only 15 bucks I try not to waste
money on dumb stuff like that I know I
know but not my jam if it works unless
it doesn't you smell them of dumb stuff
like that like never does but if it
works even to a remotely acceptable
level that and it like helps you manage
your your York ovid time I don't think
15 bucks is that bad okay have you made
any dumb purchases because you're
certified no zero
you've know you've never bought anything
dumb in your life right Luke no I'm sure
I have I'm very sure I have but no I
haven't I haven't bought any
I bought food yeah
paper got enough paper we we already had
a decent amount cuz we had done a Costco
run kind of like the week before all
this kind of went down and it was one of
those big like restock the the the
long-term supplies Costco run so we had
a fair amount of okay I'm finished but
I'm gonna drop you right there sure if
you run out of toilet paper and you have
even the remotest amount of difficulty
finding toilet paper do you make the
switch do you go bidet already ordered
oh but you're not classifying that as
something dumb okay because that was
already planned before all of this
happened all right
I've been shopping for one for a while
they're annoyingly expensive so knowing
me it took a very long time yes
you still haven't bought a better chair
have you no okay well you did but then
you returned it I did because it wasn't
very good
and then I so that's that's the so I had
this chair that had fallen apart and was
a piece of trash and then I bought an
apartment that that came with furniture
and it had the exact same chair as mine
the exact identical model so I was just
like well I'm gonna dropkick this chair
into a dumpster thing a municipal waste
thing I don't agree it's supposed to go
there whatever and use the new chair and
then the new chair is already like I
don't know
[Music]
Luke exercise tips you know you don't
have any weights or whatever just lift
chairs so it's it's already destroyed I
think it was kind of on its last legs
because Costco hasn't sold this
particular chair as far as I know for
quite a while guys you didn't take the
other one back to Costco that seems like
such a Luke Miller I'm surprised I'm
actually I'm I'm not sure if I'm more
proud or disappointed because I'm
proud of you for not being that guy but
I'm also disappointed because I expected
you to be that guy I don't usually do oh
maybe I do gonna say I don't usually do
cheesy returns and then I was like yeah
no you do yeah okay I'm still looking
for a good chair I think I know roughly
what one I'm gonna get but I've been
frustrated with chairs for a long time
but the logitech has a Herman Miller
like across developed chair coming I
know right what's yeah Logitech and
Herman Miller
I think it's Logitech and Herman Miller
hold on what is Logitech's involvement
well the gate it's a gaming chair it's
for gamers okay but like what did they
do just design that's Herman Miller's
job I don't know man they made it for
gamers maybe it has RGB or something I
don't know I don't know if there's any
pictures out of it yet
yeah probably worth it's probably worth
giving it a shot I'll look into it
Oh Oh Herman Miller and logitech joined
forces to create high-performance
furniture solutions for gamers our
formitz furniture solutions I love it
Logitech G is committed to creating the
best gear for gamers make that possible
through a unique collaboration process
between our two those Herman Miller was
the obvious choice for a pretty I don't
know hopefully they do a good job but
yeah so the the bidet thing what you're
calling your cat through this microphone
not about that yes tree listens to
calling me no I turned off the streams
mic it's actually really nice having a
mute button right next to me oh and I
can also swear like this oh no it mutes
it doesn't mean it for you yeah you can
hear me just fine I needed it for this
June or I beeped it i beeped it for the
stream yeah yeah cuz I'm using that that
go XLR thing we did a sponsored video
for them a while back and I've been
meaning to set it up at home so that
when I'm streaming I can like bleep
myself that's my favorite thing about it
we we used it on the LAN show one week
it was actually kind of fun
it's all you can yeah it's old there's a
hundred ways you could do that but this
is just all
it's very simple just a little button
right there I'm down with it it's just
yeah it's not it's not impossible to do
other ways but yeah the the bidet thing
there's there's there's a lot of options
but I think the the like path to which
one's a good one is a little bit more
clear than a chair and I already had my
kind of eyes on one I was just like yeah
this one's probably a good purchase but
it's really expensive and then it was
like Cove it happened there's no toilet
paper anywhere and I was like okay Boop
yeah just time to go for it the thing
yeah but really what happened was my
girlfriend came up to me and was like so
I know you take a long time to make
expensive purchasing decisions but can
you kind of expedite this one a little
Wow that is probably the most tactful
way of calling your boyfriend a cheap
ass that I hope that's great but yeah
that pushed me along so that's that's
ordered it's not here yet but it should
be here in five or six days and we
definitely have enough to last us until
then so sweet we'll be alright
alright why don't we talk about the AMD
Xbox GPU source code stolen so this was
posted by RC mail on the forum and the
original article here was from Tom's
Hardware so AMD source code for Navi 10
Navi 21 and art and GPUs has appeared
online and the hacker hacker responsible
claims the information is worth 100
million and is seeking bidders what
that's like
well I've even got the cat 100 million
get real but also I don't know if I'm in
video no they can't they can't there's
no way that would like so an additional
line is the hacker says it says she in
bold I don't know why I don't know why
it matters but hacker says she will leak
everything if she doesn't get any buyers
so I think really what's going on here
is the it's worth 100 million isn't it's
more I think it's more like it's maybe
it's worth a hundred million for you
yeah yeah so you know it there does seem
to be
credibility to the claims so AMD was
apparently initially contacted by the
hacker in December and has filed at
least two DMCA takedowns against github
repos that contained the stolen source I
github has removed the repositories but
there are other sources including via a
post on 4chan hosting leaked information
so CMC a github is not gonna solve it
she claims she found the unencrypted
information in a computer slash server
that was hacked remotely AMD says the
leaked information is not core to its
competitiveness and the company is
taking legal action to remedy the
situation including working with law
enforcement officials so it sounds like
they don't intend to pay 100 billion
dollars million but this is good Dashie
you're being a very good prop right now
can you suits me good job you can hear
purring that's really cute I've only got
one cat now so I'm gonna spend as much
time as I have with that cat yeah makes
sense but yeah I think that's mostly it
for this news just say about that
I don't think AMD's gonna respond by
giving this person money because that
will obviously not solve anything
because I well data theft is always
interesting like yeah I'll give you this
money to not leak it you still have it
yeah thanks for the money guess I'll
leak it yeah exactly I don't know
there's no actual thing stopping them
from from leaking it at that point
so like gee I sure couldn't copy this to
another hard drive yeah one thing Jake
just sent me which i think is super
super valid to bring up is that the -
tech tips folding team oh yes killing it
right now the Linus tech tips folding
team is actually bigger than the default
folding team right now which I don't
believe has ever been done yeah that's
the default theme saying is when you
start folding at home and you just don't
configure anything you're just like yeah
I just want to like be helpful which is
probably going to be most people
it has always been the biggest
contributor in terms of points and the
LTTE team let me just bring up the
extreme overclocking folding stats right
here have a look here but we cracked
like a billion points a day like a
little while ago a few days ago or
something stupid like that what are we
up to now so - tech tips team there we
go
we are up to 56,000 active users and 2
billion points is our 24 hour average
the last today we have done two point
four eight billion points now for this
rule the folding team has been running
for like eight years and it's always
been pretty active through the forum
those guys are freaking awesome we've
done a few little things you know
promoting the team but honestly they've
been mostly this self perpetuating
machine they have been incredible
like we'll do a giveaway once in a while
to people with folding badges and you
get folding badges by being on the
folding team but really it's been those
guys just trying to trying to help out
so they've been running for eight years
and we're at a hundred and thirty two
billion points altogether over eight
years we did two and a half billion
points today that's nuts
everyone's everyone's totally chipping
in it's awesome glad to see it I also
want to give an individual shout out to
Jake because he is 12th on the team and
that's pretty cool stuff from work
it is also nuts that Jake who is
probably using stuff from work is 12th
on the team with a 24 hour points
average of two hundred two point six
million there is someone on the team
with the 24 hour points average of
eleven point eight that's probably
there's a guy that works at liquid they
do like its composable PCI Express
infrastructure or something like that
and I see liquid on here they are
currently ninth oh really oh I wonder if
yeah he had a machine that was capable
of
I I don't remember that's the points
average over I believe the last 24 hours
so maybe something's going on either oh
but either way there's there's lots of
people on this list that are absolutely
killing it everyone appreciates you
thank you very much I think we have a
topic in here actually if I can bring
back up the dog I have an update on that
by the way so we alluded to in our first
video about folding a week ago we
alluded to that there are not enough
servers so since one of the videos I
filmed at home this week was actually
building our folding at home ingest
server or like a job server so we're
going to be giving that half of our
internet connection at the office so
five gigabit I believe Jake has it
deployed and we're just waiting on the
folding guys to do a final validation on
it and it's gonna start issuing jobs so
we're gonna have that video coming out I
think on floatplane this weekend or
it'll be a double release on Monday
because there was one more clip we
wanted to do where once it's formally up
and running Jake was gonna video call me
in because I can't go there and we were
just gonna like kind of go oh look at
these bandwidth stats and CPU usage
stats and how many clients are connected
we just wanted to like see some some
stats that would have been kind of a fun
payoff for the end of the video so we're
just we're just waiting on that and then
we're ready to go but it should
theoretically already be running over
this weekend and we'll just be filming
that clip maybe Monday morning them will
freely edit together and throw it up as
a double release on Monday that's
awesome
that's super super cool I the additional
news I want to throw in here is actually
another one of our topics folding at
home surpasses all known supercomputers
the folding at home network is now 10
times faster than any individually known
supercomputer it's faster than the top 7
supercomputers in the world combined it
is so cool I think the coolest thing too
is that like since this has happened
where it's like oh like I think it was
like America or something hired out a
bunch of different supercomputers all to
work on this and then in response there
was much in news articles being like
folding at home
is way more powerful than all of that I
hadn't actually heard a ton about this
before then meaning that this is
probably a majority of like grassroots
forum nerd type yeah for jumping on it
which is pushing his users to get into
it I know that Tom's hardware and a non
tech have like a friendly competition
between the two of them like the to form
communities so there's there's
absolutely been other guys that have
that have kind of kicked this thing into
high gear and then you know my whole
thing is like I'm sorry you're gonna try
and like take our spot like that's our
spot so not only are we gonna hold on to
our spot ladies and gentlemen but we're
gonna take a new spot we're gonna take
the biggest spot the greatest spot so
yeah I'm really proud of our community
and not just ours but just all these
other communities that are that are
pitching in yeah it's it's super cool I
just I just have an appreciation for it
I think because it's like even even if
you're not on the the Linus tech tips
team it's it's still kind of like our
people I know that so I just think
that's that's really cool that our
segment is able to step up so much in
this time I think it's pretty awesome
let's talk about Firefox having a paid
ad free program so this the source here
is the Mozilla blog and let's let's talk
through what it is so Firefox better web
with scroll is a new test pilot
initiative where users will pay to get
an ad-free browsing service on partner
websites so it's 249 a month for the
first six months that's two dollars and
49 cents so that's what is that like 42
cents a month or something stupid like
that and then it goes to $5 per six
months after that unlike typical ad
blocking publishers will actually get a
cut of the feed to make up for the
removal of ads so it's kind of similar
to what brave browser I guess is trying
to do with their tokens but it's not
crypto based it's traditional currency
so where it's like it kind of comes down
to like an attentive
this credit early tests showed that
sites make at least 40% more than when
they just display ads like if you guys
were wondering why websites are so
plastered with ads and why they're so
obnoxious like why they're all audio ads
and auto-playing video ads it's because
ads don't pay basically anything at all
so if you're actually relying on ads to
support your business I can see why
people get desperate and start putting
like obnoxious stuff on their websites
like for us we're really lucky - tech
tips com the forum has like two ads on
it or something stupid like that just
because we were like I don't know all
the cool kids are putting ads on their
web sites like there's like an Amazon
affiliate program link or something like
that something like this plate banners
that roll through and we get we get
companies contacting us all the time
they're like hey we noticed that your
your website you know doesn't have a lot
of ads on it we think this could be a
great monetization opportunity for you
and they like show us what they figure
they could do and they they always get
like our traffic numbers wrong and stuff
like that so they don't know exactly how
much money we could be making but they
they throw some sort of projections at
us and we kind of go look that's a
rounding error we'd rather the Lynas
tech tips for him just continue exactly
the way it is the way that people love
it and change absolutely nothing about
the way we monetize it versus like you
know the couple hundred dollars a month
or whatever that it's gonna bring in
like it just doesn't even register for
us and quite honestly with the
contributors that we have on the forum
it's a break-even proposition as it is
anyway we don't actually spend a lot on
it
volunteers like Colonel mortis spend so
much time making sure that the website
is running smoothly and so the way that
I see it is if we were to turn around
and like heavily monetize that thing a
that's really a kind of a stab in the
back to the people that have contributed
their time for which they weren't paid
to build it and B we're gonna lose our
staff how are we gonna run the thing so
all of this I get to make more money but
now I just have to pay people to run it
not that doesn't
that's not useful that's not good
business mortis has laughed at us in the
past and been like you guys suck at
making money we could probably make
money better on this website
I just actually don't get it means
nothing to me
other than that it's just a great
website where people go to get help with
their problems okay that's it
mortis is amazing thank you very much
mortis kernel mortis and of course all
of our moderators yes absolutely
I get man I got C seed into just like
the dumbest moderation thread cuz the
user like didn't like what the moderator
was telling them and they like C seed me
into it as though I was gonna come in
and like rescue them and I was like no
actually like the moderator had type
like these long explanations they're so
good yeah I gradually why what they were
doing was wrong and made no sense and I
just was like I'm not even gonna reply
to this
they got this 100% under control if I
step in and I'm like yeah you know my
name's on the my names on the site or
whatever and like you know I'm like I'm
the lightest lens tech it's like I'm not
doing anything useful honestly Linus
Texas calm at this point operates almost
like a completely separate entity like
it kind of does and like honestly one of
the real in the in the communication
platform that the for moderators use and
all the kind of stuff and I often go in
and read stuff and every time I'm like
oh yeah this looks like it like probably
needs my attention I'm like oh okay
because I keep reading and eventually
they solved it better than I would have
anyways now there's like alright they
got amazing oh there was something else
right right so we were talking about how
but not everyone has the luxury of their
community forum being like a fraction of
their revenue a lot of a lot of
publishers do rely on them and so yeah
40% more than what they made for
displaying ads that sounds like a better
internet for everyone there so unlike
brave which blocks all ads then gives
users the option to
fund websites this test pilot would only
block abs on partner websites so
publishers that don't wish to partner
will continue to be able to serve ads
but Mozilla uses a customized enhanced
tracking protection setting in order to
block third-party trackers finger
printers and crypto miners which could
impact those sites ability to monetize
if they don't join the program and they
expect to just keep being able to you
know mine crypto in the in the
background on your computer when you go
to their website that's fantastic
do you think Corey would ever do this uh
I don't think so
really cuz I was gonna say I think so
YouTube basically has this with YouTube
premium so Google has definitely shown
the precedent for in my point oh okay so
I I would go with Google makes so much
money through their ads right and like I
would probably argue no I don't know I
actually have no data on this I'm not
gonna argue either way but I was gonna I
was going to argue that the majority of
ads on the Internet
we're gonna be Google ads well not not
ads Google like if we if we break it
down one more layer Google makes money
with data so this is a program might
actually give Google and excuse to
collect even more data now if they
couldn't serve an ad to you directly
with the data there's there's still
other still other ways to manipulate the
populace there's still other ways to
steer people in in purchasing directions
like like predicting Google searches and
and other things like that but yeah I
don't know my gut reaction says they
wouldn't but they totally could question
I have for you is would you do this for
what I know I know you don't you don't
use Firefox right your main browsers
chrome so if chrome had this feature and
it was identical would you pay so the
only reason I bought YouTube premium was
because people at work complained
that when they need to go back to our
library to rip a video off of YouTube
for whatever reason like they I can't
find it on the vault or if we're
borrowing content from someone else the
easiest way for us like if we're like yo
Austin can we use a clip or whatever
else the easiest way for us to get it is
to just rip it out of his video and so
when people are on YouTube for work
they were like you were literally paying
me to watch ads which was probably
cheaper for you to just pay for YouTube
premium on the LTTE account and then not
pay us to watch ads and I was like that
is very sound logic will be true yes I
will buy he actually made me buy it on
tech quickie as well he's like well I am
often logged into this account and it
would save me having to switch accounts
I was like wow that really actually
doesn't seem like that much work a
little bit no but fine whatever I don't
care it's like what is it like eight
dollars a month or something in the
grand scheme of things for Linus Media
Group incorporated as an entity that is
not a lot of money so I was like okay
fine if this makes you a happier a
happier more productive employee I let
it slide but for myself I didn't I think
we've talked about this before like I
have a superpower you know that right
my superpower is that I don't see as
yeah I cannot see them like I can I can
sit and I can load up a video on YouTube
and it'll have an ad on it and my brain
will go into this trance-like state and
then the skip ad button will appear and
I will press it and then if you asked me
three seconds later what that ad was for
I would not be able to tell you unless
you prompted me ahead of time to like
pay attention to the ad because you were
gonna test me on it later I would not
have seen it I would have to look into
it more than this tertiary look that
we're making right now but would you
consider it though I would I absolutely
would because if it's done in a certain
way I feel like it could lead to a
better internet if it doesn't
it's gonna have to promote click baiting
to a certain degree because every
reasonable financial model does oh yeah
so like whatever people dislike about
click baiting you can't get away from
that but if if we got away from all this
kind of junk that's going on and we
could move to websites being ad free I
think that would just be better for the
world and I think I think everyone ad
blocking everything is not the answer
and I've had a really weird mixed
opinion on this for a long time where
like I have ran ad blockers in the past
because I don't want my computer to get
infected with terrible things because
lots of ads are terrible things terrible
things but at the same time I mean
mortis does these days but I used to run
the line of sec tips com forum and we
were always extremely friendly with our
ads and everyone always told me that
they would whitelist web sites that
handled ads properly and then basically
no one did no it's it's the kind of
thing that I think people tell
themselves like yeah I'll whitelist the
creators that are like really good or
I'll whitelist the websites that like do
a great job of maintaining a minimal
amount of ads but we actually have
numbers you guys do no pretending yeah
and and the line of sectors forum has
always been good in terms of ads like
from from any reasonably objective point
of view and basically no one turned I'd
block off I'm sure there's two of you
whatever but like it it yeah and great
thank you but not not enough that it
made a difference
yeah and I think this could make more
websites that are better more viable if
done properly and that is something that
I think is really good so I'm not a huge
fan of the state of the internet right
now and I think it could be better if
wasn't so ad driven and if websites
weren't so desperate because it's so
hard to make money partially because of
partially their fault
partially other people's fault and
partially the people blocking ads fault
combination of people blocking ads
everything clickbait in listicles and
like the kind of junk that people click
on sort of not having a very low barrier
of entry for people to create so yeah so
much of it so then there's so much ad
inventory out there that it drives the
prices down yeah it's it's and then and
then people abuse it's it's a it's a
vicious circle it's the Ouroboros eating
itself and I this just to me if done
properly and if enough people embraced
it could could free us from the vicious
cycle maybe I'm probably being too
optimistic yeah probably I would just
like to think that way I guess so I
would definitely try it right now
Firefox better web with scroll is only
available customers located in the
United States so so I won't try I know
they don't but I do so it's like you
can't say that on the Internet yeah this
is a Christian minecraft hold on we've
got one more topic that I wanted to hit
today sure we before we go through some
super chats oh wait no can you hold on
hold on
nick is going to kill me if i don't talk
about ltte store comm I'm on it
no no I got I got it I got it like a ltd
store calm guys we have a shipping promo
so it's for our Canadian home dogs let
me just try and remember what it is yes
so from the win show right now through
Sunday night it is gonna be five dollars
shipping for all canadian orders also we
have a new product that just launched
that's all just our old products
it's called the mystery shirt so this is
basically a mix of shirts that didn't
sell or that were like promotional
limited-time ones where we'd have had
kind of a few odds and ends there's some
stuff in here that's like the reserve
inventory that we hold on to in case you
know someone has they get the wrong size
or whatever else so that we have a
little bit of inventory on hand to deal
with customer service problems so these
are ones where we feel like ok yeah it's
been a while we don't really need any of
those anymore so mystery shirts just
launched $12.99 a shirt we recommend
that you just buy one because we can't
guarantee that you'll get unique designs
if you order more than one in some sizes
there might only be like one design but
anyway we've got those and for our
Canadian home slices we've got five
dollars shipping for from now until
Sunday night this might not be the most
cheery thing to discuss but shipping has
been a pretty major issue in the in the
times of the kovat yeah okay I've got a
story you want a story yes
guess how much we are gonna be paying
we're restocking stealth hoodie because
we are completely out
guess how much it's gonna cost us in
shipping to get them over here from the
other side of the Pacific Ocean oh boy
Oh perfidy hoodie like I have no idea
this is in bulk okay this is in bulk I
have literally no clue we are not
raising the price for our valued and
beloved users but we are definitely
taking less margin on them
you got a guess come on you gotta can I
guess the Delta because I wouldn't I
would have no clue where it's got a
number it's fun it's a game it's fun
play fun game three dollars three
dollars I have no idea if that's good
enough five $5 I I don't know it's more
dollars there's no way it's in dollars
you're still there I can't see you I
have a wait till the strong Oh more than
$10 for one sweater
ha how cold am i you're pretty warm
you're getting one you're getting okay
15 it's 12 12 it's gonna cost us $12 per
per hoodie to get them over here so that
is they're gonna be a big hit to our
margin but that's like nuts that's on a
ship that's not like no no that's air
that oh that is there but that is brutal
even for air so back when I was doing
purchase purchase orders for NCIX when
if we were ordering something like like
heatsinks I think he thinks there's
something pretty comparable to a shirt
in terms of the dimensional weight it
would cost you would have to account for
somewhere between about a dollar for a
heat sink to like two dollars or
something like that if you were no oh
sorry sorry no no no no probably more
like three to five for something like
the size of a heat sink or a power
supply if you have to airship a small
quantity whereas shipping by sea it's
like less than a dollar well that's
that's what I got in my head I thought
we were talking about shipping bye see
ya I don't you said that dollars a unit
and that is at reasonable scale like
obviously we're not ordering a container
or whatever like it's like hundreds of
units as opposed to or maybe like a
little over a thousand or something like
that but it's like ridiculous and so
Nick comes to me he's like this is a lot
of money this is this is very
unreasonable do we do we just wait or do
we order it or do we go through with it
and I'm like well you know making five
bucks a unit is better than making 0.0
and not selling anything so and people
are people are bugging us about it
they're like hey stealth it is out of
stock WTF I kids I can get us self pity
an animal crossing' but I can't get one
in real life
wait what you can get a stealth OD an
animal cross you can make it someone
made a stealth hoodie someone else made
a swagat they look amazing dude my my
girlfriend will not stop talking about
or playing that game yeah it's amazing
no one was asked and she was literally
designing sweaters last night I'm not
getting it
I have never tried an animal crossing
game but it seems like the kind of game
I just shouldn't play like I get super
addicted to things sometimes like I
think I told you I think I might have
told you this know I was on LAN show
with James last week I played probably
over 30 hours of a no like in the week
leading up to last week's LAN show just
like I was up till like 3:00 4:00 a.m.
like 2/3 of the nights just like
completely addicted to this animal file
because I was having these like economic
problems that I couldn't solve and I
hadn't clued into selling ships to boost
your economy and anyway I was just like
trying to crack this crack this nut and
I was like overproducing on my islands I
was like yeah but like if I don't over
produce then I get these precipitous
drops in income because the people can't
get their luxury goods which is what
really drives your income is people
buying luxury goods at the marketplaces
and and so anyway I solved it I solved
it so I'm kind of I'm kind of on the
wagon again
now I actually don't necessarily think
that you'd be that much of an animal
crossing fan I've never tried it so it's
hard for me to say yeah I just I think
someone said Luke is super uninterested
that's actually wrong I I played an ax
with Linus for quite a while and it was
really fun he completely destroyed me
but it was still fun well not
technically because he bid me mercy and
decided not to blow up everything I had
but my history playing that game the
kind of co-op if you want to yeah we
were sort of doing that and kind of
learning the game myself but it's fun I
like I know but the the thing that makes
me think that you wouldn't necessarily
like Animal Crossing is there's I I
asked Emily last night what the goal was
and it took a really long time to get to
an answer and I started with like is the
goal to decorate right and she was like
well no and it ended up with like yeah
the goal is kind of to decorate
and I feel like that wouldn't
necessarily enthrall you quite as much
maybe not yeah maybe not as much
cosmetic upgrades haven't really been my
thing
yeah in the past it's it's very funny to
me to see like now with Animal Crossing
being like a worldwide phenomenon yeah
remember that headline we were talking
about where Microsoft basically decided
they were above both Sony and Nintendo
because they're true competitors were
Amazon and Google yeah like guys you
don't understand like it doesn't matter
how good your cloud infrastructure is if
Nintendo keeps creating gaming
experiences that people need to buy
their hardware and Biol their software
and buy all their accessory in order to
have the full experience they are going
to keep making money hand over fist five
ever like one small example of this is
it's for one one random person in in
twitch at twitch plays Deon said in all
capital letters the goal is to be cute
and I think that's probably better than
how I described it the goal is to
decorate I think yeah the goal is it's
like use games where you just like
dressed up the dolls like those web
browser games I then just like made a
little room for them to sit in and stuff
but it's like this island and you get to
like decide where people live and and
help like lay out the flowers and the
trees and catch the but but a lot less
technical I think and there's only one
island but you can go visit other
people's islands through a plane I don't
know I watch her play it for a little
bit
shoot what was I gonna say what were you
just talking about
oh no oh yeah Nintendo is never gonna
stop making money oh yeah franchise
alone is going to be enough for them to
make money forever
yes and they have they have like the
most insane war chests ever for the size
of their come
it's sounding to me that they still
aren't into like heavy into the theme
park thing because I would be as likely
to go to a Nintendo land as Disneyland
with the kids I would love to go to they
have so many beloved intellectual
properties and the amusement park
industry is the kind that I think
Nintendo could just go in and like okay
so what we need a hundred experts let's
just we have all the money in the world
let's go poach a hundred experts and
design and build a park like there's no
way they couldn't do that I think the
last time that they they had a business
model where you had to go to the
facility in person they want to kind of
hide that history a little bit so no now
my information is not messed up all
right why don't I do a couple Super
chats well you look that up no I already
found it
dude this is this is it's from kotaku so
grain of salt but for the Nintendo
they've tried to forget gambling
gangsters and love hotels ooh the
beginning of new Nintendo was okay well
they were like a little bit hard company
they were a hard company and they had a
quote unquote love hotel and some of
their playing cards had less than
clothed women on them and things like
that
scandalous yes very much so I don't I'm
just making a joke but yeah I really
think they should make Nintendo land
they literally had a game called
Nintendo land and I enjoyed it and it
was fun and they can do a much better
job with a in person real life
experience you know so you never think
they they could they could get really
heavily into like augmented reality
stuff like they could have kind of a
really focused oh my god like experience
within Pokemon land they could have you
know the safari zone but like actually
have the safari zone oh for sure for
sure
I mean Pokemon land could almost be
completely its own thing yeah but like
obviously there would have to be a kart
racing thing the mario kart ride like
there
just it would be so much fun to build
and I would go there and it would be
great maybe that maybe they're planning
I the one the one thing I'd like to
point out here is like so far already
just with Emma playing Animal Crossing
she has expressed not she's gonna buy
them but she has expressed desire for
another doc so that she can more easily
doc her switch in more than one area
luckily I also have a switch so we had
another doc so I'm not a problem and
then the other one was that we don't
have the battery pack joique on holder
thing are you slide the two joins go on
- yeah yeah we don't have the battery
pack version of that we do something for
long enough that she needs an extended
controller battery well I think she was
maybe not being the most diligent about
putting her joy cons back on I see and
it's not the newest switch so there's
probably been some battery depletion
there as well like there's there's some
other things going on there but she
wanted a controller that she could like
plug in so that she doesn't have to
worry about that it's never been a
problem but she doesn't want to worry
about it and I was like yeah I mean they
have that option it's called a pro
controller it's $100 apparently they
have poker world in Japan how have I
never heard of this world all right I
want to do a few super chats here Robert
mill says SD Express is coming out soon
yes we know so that would be that would
be cool so it's PCI Express SD cards
basically thanks trefi one thanks Jose
Jimenez growl fighter says did Alex
brought people to VR for more Triple A
games I'm not sure if I'd 100%
understand your question I think it
makes people invest in VR because
there's a triple-a game if that's what
you're asking
there's definitely been more interest in
it
Luke have you played any Alex yet I have
not I actually didn't know it was
released until today I'm quite surprised
that you'd be me to to notice that that
is very surprising to me
I've been surprisingly disconnected
because I'm trying to been like getting
stuff done huh so I didn't know
was a thing and now I'm probably gonna
get less stuff done are you gonna stream
that tonight not tonight I already have
plans tonight but maybe Monday you want
to hear my review of the first like hour
and a half yes
yep it's half-life hmm in VR now I
haven't made it that far in I still
don't have any good guns or anything but
like it's it it's in in true half-life
fashion you just kind of get there's no
clear like oh you solved the puzzle now
here's another puzzle you just sort of
walk into dead ends and you just have to
like do stuff one of the things I liked
so much about cross-code I know I always
come back to how much I love crack code
but Cross code did a really great job of
building on the skill that you just
developed with your next puzzle in a
very logical way whereas halfway and I
think it they they want you to kind of
not be sure what to do a lot and I
honestly just find it kind of tedious
okay does it does it feel like how big
of a fan of original half-life games are
you I never played half-life one I never
got through it because I tried to go
back and play it after playing half-life
2 and it just
sorry no offense it didn't hold out it's
a little rough these days 15 years ago
it didn't hold up although I do want to
try out that remake mod Black Mesa yeah
yeah I want to try that out I suspect it
probably won't be much better I don't I
don't like the style as much I had far
more fun playing far cry than I did
playing half-life 2 so this is why I
wanted to ask you that was because I
assumed that and I think some people
when they hear it's like half-life are
gonna be like yeah but I could tell by
the tone of your voice that you were
like so portal is a better game I'm a
huge fan of portal so that's not a
really difficult argument to make with
me but
I yeah I'm interested I'm definitely
gonna try it out I'm interested in it
being a a like Halo product for for VR
that's cool one really cool thing that
I've seen already I wonder if I could
find it
someone made a like teaching angles in
half life Alex YouTube video that was
like hilariously good angles I I know
sorry hold on it sounds weird and I
clicked on it because it sounded super
weird but it's really cool actually
yeah I'm gonna do a couple more super
chats well while you do that rat splits
cheers from a farmer oh yeah nope no
problem you know we we will bring you we
will bring you the entertainment to your
house even if it takes us two hours to
get the stream going that's how long I
spent on it Luke spent an hour just
helping me troubleshoot remotely and
helping out kinesics says is that the
pornhub casting couch
no but it could probably serve that
purpose it is leather so it is easy to
clean okay I've got it
the one issue is if I play it they're
not gonna hear the sound which is maybe
fine but I can skip through it and show
why it's cool
mystic wants to know why are shipping to
Australia is expensive that's because
shipping clearly as expensive sorry this
is the best we can do yes alright go
ahead look okay for now it's play
angular vocabulary review so you guys
can't hear this I guess but this is
half-life Alex and the the presenter guy
the guy hosting the video talks as if he
is teaching a class remotely things like
oh this is the first time we've had to
do this I guess I'm coming to you from
my home this is a view from my home you
wouldn't normally see this because I
talk to you in the classroom but he's
like role-playing as if he's at
and then he goes into this room and he's
able to manipulate the objects and write
on the glass and when I first saw this I
didn't think he was actually gonna do
anything and he's looking around for
something I didn't think he's actually
gonna do anything and I thought this
writing was already there and I was like
God it's interesting random thing to
have in the game I use some like math
nerds will appreciate it I wish he I
keep jumping to parts of he's just
looking around but no he did it all and
I thought this was wild it's actually
really cool he does a whole legitimate
math lesson in in Aleks and it's it's
kind of random but like you could
legitimately learn to understand angle
vocabulary after watching this person's
right yeah and it got six hundred and
fifteen thousand views that's pretty
crazy I don't know I think it's pretty
cool it's interesting and it's like well
presented and and honestly the medium
works really well for him yeah I don't
know it's just I just thought it was
really cool cool use of VR cool yes
using a videogame to accomplish a
different task Jake says what are the
prospects of honest answers volume two
particularly interested if my YouTube
premium helps the artist I watch I don't
I didn't really have anything planned
for another round of it but I can tell
you your YouTube premium does help it's
way more than adds way more that Cal
says Luke in quarantine at a spa nope
that's just his house that's just my
house that's a that's a literal zero
contribution from me that's that's my
girlfriend going around decorating
things it would look a lot more sparse
and they would be like probably band and
movie and gaming posters around and
nothing else really and it would be
Messier if it was just me pickles
yep crushing it and folding at home we
talked about that probably
after you send the superjet so yes rank
for soon you better believe it
alex says conclusion of the rebuild of
this friend transcode server um i have
not even thought about it since we
redeployed it I'll have to think about
that some more later Aaron Thompson just
finished my first week of working from
home just bread sheep type work but when
you're on a hundred milliseconds it
sucks hmm okay well that's good to know
engine says thoughts on the D brand
cyber track skin yeah that's dbrand for
you thanks Thomas C chalk RJ so I'm
watching your VR Thursday video and
wondered at what point did - just build
a fake home at the office because you
film there so often no no that's just my
house and yes you're welcome for
bringing back channels super fun there's
not too many of these these week death
here says what had said is Luke using
it's not a headset it's headphones
they're sennheiser HD five nine fives
they're quite old at this point
but they've served me well they're still
working I've had to buy new well didn't
have to but it would have been a very
bad idea if I am they were I've had to
buy new little pad things twice now just
not because they were bad just because I
use them a lot and again it was the
right thing to do but yeah I'm very
happy with these headphones I hope I
never have to replace them the only
thing that has started to come a little
bit of a drawback is that they're open
back and my current position of my
computer as you can maybe guess is in
the middle of like the living room area
yeah so sometimes if someone's like
cooking food or or doing something like
that it can be hard to hear things but
like that's just a good option coming if
you want to like spend a lot of money
again on something that you don't have
to get something better than again for a
long time I tried out the drop x THX
pandas so they're wireless oh that's
cool but you can plug in a wire or what
isn't your option it sounds the same
wired and wireless and they sound great
okay my ending I have been thinking if I
got another pair of headphones they
would need to be Wireless and closed
I wouldn't use them I wouldn't use them
on Bluetooth for gaming though I mean I
haven't actually tried and they are
using some new codecs something
something something but I doubt the
latency is gonna be good enough yeah it
would more be for like a niche case
where like I don't know like the the TV
in my place is just to my right so like
if my girlfriend wants to watch
something on there and I want to do
something on my computer that has audio
whether it's gaming or not it would be
so that these open back it but they
don't block anything well yeah at all so
it would be just to make it so that the
TV isn't literally louder for me than it
is for her because the speakers are
right beside my face so yeah I don't
know I wouldn't be too worried about
like oh I can't hear footsteps at the
exact same fidelity like I don't I'm not
super concerned about that as long as
they sound really good overall I'm not
necessarily looking for hardcore gaming
headphones and are wireless and are
closed those are like the things I'm
looking for
so maybe alright I've just got a couple
more
Zack's tube says more proof everything
is messed up this week a fern is the
special guest on the land show I Diego
says greetings from Guatemala Scott says
big shout out to all the folding people
out there well done everyone
indeed dark swordsman says I don't use P
ia but wire guard is awesome so there
you go a P ia now has beta support I
believe for a wire guard thanks Andrew
thanks Tyler thanks chef sheriff mayor
TD thanks Bryan River this is for
getting my man a better mic or this is
for my men getting a better mic I don't
know if that's to get one or to thank me
for getting one the mic i'm using is
okay isn't it I don't know you're not
watching the stream now the mic you're
listening to me on is terrible I Kyle
says what's the best GPU for folding RT
X or quadrant RT
Quadra Quadros not faster it's just got
validated drivers
oh man you sent that super chat like
multiple times I'm so sorry for not
seeing it sooner we don't do these till
the end of the show though now you know
for next time all right sorry guys no
more time for super chats it is ok I'm
sorry Luke we went for a long time today
ok no need to apologize to me yeah good
good chat yeah absolutely
hey um are you streaming tonight oh my
girlfriend is going to be streaming what
animal crossing tonight what it's a week
so she's dreams but she still she still
doesn't say her name interesting yeah I
don't know I think I said it once on
this show I forget what the rules are
all time it's better to say nothing I
guess yeah but yeah she's she's
streaming Animal Crossing tonight
hopefully that'll be fun I don't I guess
it's promotion time it's twitch TV / I
think you're a terrible you're a
terrible boyfriend and a terrible
girlfriend's twitch channel twitch.tv
slash planty time
apparently she's playing Animal Crossing
with my mom I think I think they're even
like on voice chat with each other and
stuff legitimate Lee sounds like it
might be entertaining I mean it could be
so I mean I'm not gonna watch it
sometimes you know yeah yeah alright
cool yeah so hey how's your beat saver
training coming you know very well I
haven't been doing a ton in that realm
for awhile I don't work on stuff my Nass
is all fully updated it only took two
and a half weeks that's good and now
like my next major project that I'm
working on is I have to drill a bunch of
holes so that I can put this nass
somewhere where it's not going to be
annoying
and then I'm gonna work on kind of
redoing the networking through my entire
place because right now only four plugs
at a time can work and be active
four of the wall plugs and that's a
limitation of the modem router combo
that I'm still on that tell us gave me
so I want to switch off of that but then
there's issues with the other stuff blue
blue blue so yeah that's right but then
shipments are all delayed so maybe I
won't be able to do that I don't know
but yeah I've been working on lots of
stuff
I'm also this was a project with no one
watching cares about this at all so
maybe we can just cut it now but one of
my other projects is I'm gonna be
working on planters for the deck this is
a me idea because I want to play as
boring food not not random other stuff
people are suggesting a raid I don't
know all right
your thing well cool story bro thanks
yeah thanks for tuning in this week guys
see you again next week
not at the same time but definitely the
same
I think a bunch people win
[Music]
plenty time
I think you just typed in the chat slash
raid plan
[Music]
Oh
for the hour so that we need to
broadcast guys I want to start the show
though with a big shout out to the one
and only lukla frontier okay because he
has been sitting on the line about an
hour with me not being ready to
broadcast we're only an hour and 23
minutes late it's not that bad yeah you
know what okay here's the thing we've
done worse
so what are you probably wondering why
we are broadcasting from the comfort of
our homes today Luke what's your story
why are you at home
why can you just go to the office so
that I could video call in and we could
use the regular stream set up Luke well
in my defense to talk about this my
girlfriend is high risk for the current
thing that's out in the world that I'm
not going to name because we're allowed
to talk about it now YouTube has eased
the restrictions on talking about Kovan
okay yes girlfriend my girlfriend is
high risk for kovat for some reasons
that I'm not gonna bother going to and
that maybe she's elderly she's elderly
big she's over 80 so 20% 20% risk of
mortality yeah you get it
we understand just being careful for
that reason yeah going out only when I
really need to and I didn't realize it
was going to be a problem to be clear
yeah it was it was a big problem if I
knew it was gonna be a problem I could
have just done the setup on my end we
could have just done the same thing but
reversed
why didn't you suggest that I could have
done that so much faster I mean okay I'm
going to suggest for next week we might
want to do that but you don't you don't
like my setup here wait okay
I feel like the OBS side of things and
stuff yeah yeah sure whatever whatever
you say I forget did you ever end up
with a video feed of me no okay cool so
Luke has no video feed of me but the
good news there is that that means that
if I yes okay good I think I can add an
item to our scene here yeah here we go
so here's my laptop webcam because I
want to show you guys what the streaming
setup looks like today hopefully without
disconnecting anything okay so on my
left there we go on my left I have this
USB dongle which is my Ethernet
connection my HDMI out to an external
monitor and my USB connection to okay
ignore that USB audio interface we're
not using that but we're using that USB
capture card over there okay hold on
wait for it wait for it gets even better
the HDMI out connection is to this
external portable monitor on the floor
which is what I'm using to both boot
space and bring him into the OBS on my
right is a go XLR USB XLR interface and
then I was supposed to use some some XLR
microphone but I was having issues with
the the stand that they sent me now that
I'm sitting on my couch because I
couldn't use my TV and using my computer
upstairs was not convenient because it's
in a separate room and so plugging all
this stuff in via USB had the potential
to cause a bottleneck because I just
have one USB five gigabit per second
link over optical so what I decided to
do was use my my XLR wireless microphone
so this is a lavalier mic so I'm wearing
that pack in my lap right here okay so
that's on my belt and then to monitor
audio I have these headphones plugged
into the go XLR so that I can hear
myself and make sure everything's all
good and then I have in ear monitors
which I am using to listen to Luke
[Laughter]
there's so many solutions happening all
at once yes and none of them are great
it's an actual miracle that this is
working as well as okay so so why didn't
your desktop work my desktop so much of
this would be so much easier if you are
on a desktop okay my desktop was gonna
be a pain in the butt because I don't
have a convenient way to mount a good
camera behind my monitor because all
I've gots a big tripod so I would have
had to use a webcam which I thought we
weren't using but then you went and
showed up with a webcam no one told me
anything
look it doesn't matter point is I look
better than you for the first time ever
in spite of my days of self-isolation
facial hair that I've got looks pretty
good thank you and so okay so there was
that plus the fact that my desktop is in
a different room from the monitor so
that means that I have only a single
five gigabit per second optical link and
between the capture card and the audio
interface and all the other things that
I have on there my mouse my keyboard
everything I was worried that I would
overcome that link now I do technically
have a thunderbolt doc there but my
Thunderbolt doc or the cable or the
Thunderbolt interface on my AMD
motherboard super-weird one of those
things is not working it is not working
so I so I was like okay oh also there's
no convenient way for me to light that
room like there's just a bunch of
problems doing it next to my desktop
so then I thought okay I'll do it with
in the living room with my media PC and
then I realized what was the problem
I remember there's some problem doing it
through the media PC and so I settled on
just broadcasting off my laptop
shout out to Dell 2 because this XPS 13
2 and 1 its handling this like a champ
I'm at like 60% CPU usage and 70% GPU
usage and yeah I like I'm good I'm good
as long as I got my dongle my life is
amazing if I don't have my dongle my
life is over so if that dongle gets
disconnected this whole stream is done
completely done why don't we why don't
we
talk about what kind of topics you cut
for the wind show today ladies and
gentlemen doesn't this feel like such a
throwback where the first half of the
show is why the show is an hour late
yeah yeah we're just doing a retro
stream that's all that's really going on
yeah is you know what honestly this
whole week has felt like that I think
talking about what it's been like to
work from home is definitely gonna be a
topic for the wind right this week yeah
I know you asked me if I had any other
topics and then I have only just now
realized that I do one of the topics
that I would bring up is that I've been
helping my dad and the Cape you plumbing
department in general switched to online
education that's that Kwantlen
University is what Polytechnic yeah yeah
so that's that's been a really
interesting experience and cool I would
like to talk about it
we've also got AMD and Xbox GPU source
code stolen that's amazing
that seems terrible Apple is restricting
cloud gaming services on iOS which is
basically par for the course I guess for
those guys but you know we'll talk about
what that means for game streaming as a
whole what else we got this interesting
Luke Firefox begins paid ad free service
it's interesting that's spicy and then
of course oh sorry I thought you weren't
gonna do it you go ahead
well I don't know which one you're gonna
do well though the headline topic I was
thinking maybe we'd do the headline you
know it makes it like YouTube default
playback is now 480p ooh
what oh my what spicy alright so we're
gonna roll the intro but I want to warn
you guys in advance um there yet there's
no audio
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you know what I don't care it doesn't
matter it's over that was it that was
the only time we were gonna experience
that on today's stream because
realistically I'll forget to do the
other thing alright so let's talk about
YouTube defaulting video playback to
480p because that is a pretty bizarre
thing for them to do at least in normal
times so there are users that have been
reporting in Europe as of last week that
YouTube has been defaulting them to 480p
not even regular HD resolution and now
that change is being rolled out globally
so we actually had a handful of people
at the office notice it today actually I
believe it's yeah alex is the one who
posted this in the wine show dock but
there's actually a very reasonable
explanation for all of this you know
Luke would you consider dropping down
floatplanes default video quality in
this time and why I don't think we're
gonna quite have the impact like YouTube
turning down their default playback
would would result in a very large
amount of users that aren't gonna bother
click a button to change video quality
which is maybe not of the people
watching this stream right now but is
probably a relatively large group of
people that watch YouTube it's going to
result in them sucking up a lot less of
the world's bandwidth especially when I
ever want to stuck at home and this will
like steams and wouldn't have
appreciated it anyway yeah yeah and it's
it's it's this will actually very likely
make a noticeable decrease on the
internet usage of the world which is
crazy and smoke Lane would not at all so
I don't think we're too worried about it
it's probably fine but that does lead us
into why YouTube would do this so the
the Kovach 19 pandemic has caused a
massive uptick in global internet usage
for a variety of reasons so
number one is that people are stuck at
home with nothing to do so what are they
doing they're going on Netflix they're
gaming they're watching twitch streams
there they're playing didn't Steam
logged their most ever users online and
that was without any kind of crazy
launch that was before the half-life
Alex launch that was I mean what do
maternal was coming out around that time
but and like there were a lot of people
playing it but you know what was it like
20 million concurrence or something
stupid like that and if i murder quickly
even just like counter-strike itself had
like the most users its ever had which
is a crazy big tournament in the last
you know week or something that's need
to go play csgo again or anything like
that just yeah people are sitting at
home with nothing to do and then the
other big factor is going to lead us
into our next topic here pretty nicely
is the explosion in work from home
measures that are being implemented by
employers so basically the cold-hearted
truth of it is that unless you
absolutely have to as a business you are
not shutting down and like that's a good
thing it's good for the business owners
it's good for if they're big enough
businesses it's good for their
shareholders and it's good for the
employees people want to work like my
staff is not coming to me and saying hey
I'd really like to get laid off right
about now no honestly I mean I think
some people have this perception that
like if there's a government handout
that people would like to take that but
we absolutely are working on something I
in fact I think there was some news
about that today was it like a thousand
dollars or something like that I don't
know whatever I don't know it was
supposed to be for people who are
impacted by the Kovach night you know
break but there's literally no one on my
staff that's like yeah I sure would like
to not have a job and I'd sure like that
that government handout if I can have it
so you know our goal is a business is to
this to be has operational as we
possibly can and all while keeping other
people safe so we've probably got a good
bond what percentage of people are
actually in the office right now a third
maybe no one from floatplane for sure
yeah no one from
Planes there if you count those guys
we're probably closer to like a quarter
yeah so so basically the only people in
office are the studio management guys so
Tyler and Mattias are in because they
need to actually physically move things
around we don't have any of our regular
shooters in right now because Brandon's
on vacation and I think he could have
been like oh you know what you guys are
kind of short-staffed I could probably
not take the vacation but the flip side
of that is he had his vacation booked
and that's a perfect opportunity to
quarantine yourself for two weeks so
like he's been hanging around at home as
far as I can tell
David's out self quarantined he got a
note sorry why would I not I'm not why
does it matter oh I guess okay well
whatever so the point is everyone's out
and the only people who are in are we've
got some of the editors in we've
actually been experimenting though with
people editing from home which I think
was gonna be possible but this is kind
of crazy we've got a video that's gonna
be coming out about this um do you know
parsec yeah okay so for those who are
not familiar parsec okay you know what
hold on before I transition to this
topic I do want to finish up with this
basically yeah there's an explosion in
work from home measures which is a
combination of remote access to files or
to desktops file sharing that's being
done sort of over the Internet
rather than over a local network yeah
and then another big one is video
conferencing so who is it shoot I forget
is it zoom I think it's zoom was saying
that their their user base just like
absolutely freaking exploded overnight
so it's having a significant impact so I
think we had positioned in the title on
thumbnail of this video YouTube
degrading quality as like it might be
some kind of a bad about rageous thing
but actually it's fantastic because as
long as people don't care enough to
click a like one click - clicks - clicks
is all it takes for them to change the
quality
so if they don't care enough to make two
clicks then they can significantly
decrease the amount of bandwidth that
they're consuming and that gives us an
opportunity to have better internet for
people who need it more like people who
are working from home or offices that
are trying to coordinate remote workers
yeah I know from from my experience
trying to work on this I mean most most
the floatplane stuff is is just fine
all we all we really do collaboratively
in terms of videos talking to each other
is we do like meetings twice a week and
those have been not really impacted I
didn't expect they would be but my my
dad's thing and his school I've worked
on a discord server for them and we set
up it's actually kind of a cool set up
every teacher has their own category and
that category has like a few different
text channels and a few different voice
channels Leija the interesting
permissions and everything set up so
that you get like enrolled in a class
when you join the discord server and
then you could access to just that
Channel and blah blah blah but getting
streaming working for them was a hurdle
because they're not like twitch
streamers their plumbing instructors so
that was and they were like never heard
of discord before other than my dad and
and all this other kind of stuff but
they've been they've been picking it up
and we ended up figuring out that like
even though you can stream your screen
or your camera or whatever discord is
fairly limited in terms of like having
multiple things on-screen and whatnot
right so I've had them start I had them
all install OBS and even though I don't
think you can stream through discord
with OBS but I used that as like a
canvas program so they were able to lay
out their screen and then full screen
projector source their whole scene and
then capture their screen if that makes
sense so this is interesting the chat is
basically exploding with people saying
that they are limited to 720p are you
guys talking about the stream we're on
right now or are you guys talking about
YouTube in general that's a lot let us
know let us know which is limited to
20p right now but that's the source so I
think you're streaming in 720p oh okay
it doesn't say that I am which is weird
I saw I just checked I saw that and so I
decided to check the OBS settings and
it's definitely set 200 I don't have
rescale output checked but it says 1920
by 1080 next to that you know what I
didn't oh yeah okay it's because I
created a new profile and it's it was in
720p
remember when I had to change the
streaming size alright sorry about that
guys yes this is a 720p stream today
alright yeah so don't worry about it
it's all good that's not YouTube's wide
that's just yet another thing that went
wrong with this dream today alright so
let's talk about some some other remote
work options all right some other remote
work stuff one of the things that we've
been experimenting with is parsec so for
those of you who are not familiar parsec
is a company that's really focused on
remote gaming so that's a space that's
really exploding right now you've got in
video with their GeForce now you've got
Sony's offering you've got Microsoft
Project X cloud you've got who else did
we oh yeah Google with Stadium and then
and then of course you've got some of
the more the more kitschy niche ones we
actually got a ton of criticism in our
recent roundup of game streaming service
for not including Shadow Tech and I feel
like it must have gotten cut in the Edit
or something because we did mention them
but we had decided not to include them
in a roundup of these game streaming
services because we really felt that
Shadow Tech was almost a different
category of game streaming service not
that similar to something like a GeForce
now we're especially a google stadia so
what shadow tech is is a virtualized
desktop and basically what they're
running is their if I recall correctly
they're they're taking each box which
has many CPU cores and then multiple
GPUs and then much like we've did we
have seven gamers one CPU or six
workstations one CPU they're cordoning
off those resources so every one of
these virtual
aiming rigs gets its own GPU and then a
segment are a chunk of the CPU course
and then what you do is whenever you
want a game you can use any device you
want whether it's like an Android phone
or Android TV even or a laptop and then
you remote into that virtual desktop and
you use the performance of that virtual
desktop in order to play your games or
edit video or whatever the case may be
all right so there's a reason I'm
telling this little story anyway maybe
we should do a follow-up where we check
out shadow tech compared to these other
solutions but what's different about it
is that when you when you log into a
shadow box you're basically just looking
at like a desktop you have to like
install your own games and stuff like
there's no there's no like pretty
launcher and stuff like that you just
you're just using a computer it just
happens to be you know a hundred miles
away or a thousand miles away or
whatever the case may be so we didn't
really consider it to be a proper
mainstream game streaming service also
anecdotally I've heard that their wait
list to get a shadow box is like six
months or something like that and every
time we mention it apparently it gets
really really bad so if it wasn't six
months it probably will be again now
that we've just mentioned it online when
we do our sponsored video for them a
while back apparently they just were
buried for like actually months in
request cuz there's a limit to how much
data center space that you can get and
how quickly you can you can scale up
like there's cash flow considerations so
back to parsec parsec is kind of like
shadow tech except that instead of
remoting into their data center to use
the machine you remote into your own
computer to use it remotely so totally
different from like a g-force now or
Google stadia because you actually have
to own the hardware but it's like shadow
tech in that you are able to access it
remotely and use it as though you're
sitting in front of it and parsec like
shadow tech has really put a lot of
emphasis on a couple of things number
one is keeping their latency as as low
as possible and number two is working on
both absolute and relative mousemove
and making sure that they are translated
correctly across this over Internet
access connection so what that means I
actually had to ask what that meant I
was familiar with the concept but I
didn't know the terms so absolute mouse
movement refers to when you move your
mouse and your pointer moves
corresponding to it and then when you
when you pick up your pointer it like
stays there okay
relative mouse bar when you let go it
stays where it is relative mouse
movement refers to when you're like
rotating an object within a CAD program
or you are gaming where your mouse
pointer is actually sort of virtually
centered in the screen and then you're
just like panning around and it's so so
that movement is relative to its
starting point not that it stays there
does that kind of make sense was that a
good enough explanation Luke yeah yeah
okay cool so anyway as it turns out a
bunch of the work that parsec has done
to make it great for gaming also happens
to make it great for video editors or 3d
designers or I have people who work in
game studios who are working on
animations or or modeling so I thought
that was pretty cool they actually just
rolled out a professional level service
and it's got not much going for it right
now actually so you have to pay for it
per seat and then you have the ability
to have multiple monitors but only by
switching between them and like
TeamViewer can already do that but team
viewers much leggy er like it's totally
different experience so you could have
multiple monitors and then there's like
administrative stuff so an administrator
can determine who has access to which
stations and things like that so it's
but but it's fundamentally the same
technology and we actually have tried
using it for remote video editing and
it's not color accurate enough like you
would still need to do a local you'd
have to like take your finished project
and do a passive color correction or
you'd have to have one person at a
central location that's like your
colorist for for all of your video
projects but in terms of the response
this it's basically the ping time
between you and the server which because
our office happens to be like crazy
crazy fast and like a super high tier
low latency connection is pretty good
for all of our workers who happen to be
in the Vancouver area plus about a frame
so that's your total latency so it's
pretty work with the Bulls not perfect
but yeah we're gonna have a video coming
about that what have you guys done to
make remote working easier I mean you've
got remote people already I guess it
hasn't been much of an adjustment yeah I
was gonna say everyone went home there
wasn't there wasn't a lot of adapting I
yeah that's that's pretty much it
everyone was already set up to be able
to work at home it's it was it was
extremely not an issue it took maybe
less than a fifth of a day for one or
two people to adjust and then that was
about it okay so our side is pretty
simple here's the big question is will
this experience change anything about
the way that you work moving forward and
I'd love to hear from people in the chat
as well in my opinion no we've already
been set up at flow plane for a hybrid
of remote work and local work we have
already set a precedence that it's okay
but preferred for you to be in locally
and I still think like I've seen a lot
of posts going out about like oh they
said working from home was impossible
and look what's happening now it's like
well no it was it was extremely
unreasonable given that it was fine to
come in and work locally and I would
still prefer that everyone is local so
yeah I don't I don't think anything's
going to really change in that regard
yeah this was this was in terms of the
difficulty of switching how we work this
was extremely light touch for
because flow plane was extremely well
set up for this already right okay
people are complaining about the volume
levels okay don't worry guys I'm working
on it I'm working on it I turned Luke
down I turned me up sorry about that I
mean for me man I don't know thing about
video production is a lot of things work
a lot better
when you're in person and one of the
things that I get a lot of feedback that
people like about working at LMG is that
people don't like the community we have
people who live in Vancouver and are
commuting all the way up to Cloverdale
which is not great but I've had multiple
people without any prompting bring up in
their annual reviews last time around
that one of the great things about LMG
is that they could go for a beer with
literally anyone on staff and you know
depending who it is they might not be
BFFs or whatever but like it'd be a good
time yeah good and I feel like it'd be
really hard to have that level of
camaraderie and that kind of a team
dynamic if you're not in the same place
doing the same stuff seeing each other's
faces no it takes work and like honestly
a decent part of the reason why we have
those those two meetings the Monday and
Friday meeting is so that everyone at
least hears each other twice a week
right and I'm not even kidding like
there's there's been a not insignificant
amount of those meetings that at the end
of the day probably didn't need to
happen right but they don't take that
long they're all pretty short unless
there's like a big discussion that needs
to happen and we needed the meeting
anyways but if that isn't there they're
all pretty short and at least everyone
checks in with each other there's that
vocal check in because I know sometimes
there's there's a lot of loss in
translation when it comes to just
communicating through text oh yeah isn't
everyone's first language like I know
you've got people overseas and like yeah
and people not overseas people in Canada
we have other languages in Canada yeah
and and and different cultures there's
different approaches to problem cultures
in Canada yes yeah and there's
there's tonal shifts and expectations in
terms of communication that happens
differently based on different cultures
so one culture might think that a
certain form of communication even if
the language medium is the same if
they're both speaking English they might
think that a certain form of
communication is very respectful
meanwhile different culture might think
that that exact form of communication is
notably offensive in some way yeah so
boomers for example have you noticed
they put ellipses on everything like
every every time my parents text me I'm
like you know how ominous this sounds
right okay have you noticed that yeah
yeah and and and the single K yeah yeah
hey ellipses I'm like you know what that
means right that means it's not okay
means the very opposite of okay yeah but
they don't seem to get it at all yeah so
like it often helps to bridge those
communication issues by getting people
in a voice because tonality can change
so much of the conversation because you
could just hear in someone's voice if
they're like pissed or hot and if
they're oh go ahead glad and and if you
add video on top of that that can often
be helpful to another level it might not
be another level that's really
beneficial or helpful depending on how
kind of adapted your team is if that's
this point how much time they spend
together if they get each other yet or
not but like if if we were to bring a
new member on the team right now I would
probably push at least the majority of
the team to try to have video enabled in
meetings yeah for the first little while
just just so that you can see body
language on top of tonality well part of
it too is like a social credit not like
China's social credit system but I yeah
I mean like an interpersonal
relationship type of credit like if you
as a company you all go like
paintballing together and everyone has a
blast the next time someone butts heads
at work you're gonna have a little bit
of like goodwill in the bank yes to make
it easier for that to not escalate into
something really nasty you know when
people have those kinds of you know yeah
man good times good times when people
have that to fall back on I feel like
it helps a lot and it's hard to do that
not in person I mean gaming's great but
it's not quite the same either like yeah
you know we've had we've had you and the
girlfriend over for and we end up like
sitting and playing video games and like
that was a ton of fun and the game that
we were playing lovers in a dangerous
space-time there's absolutely no reason
whether it's through Steam or through a
service like parsec for example which is
also like a local it's like internet
local multiplayers one of the things
they specialize in there's no reason we
couldn't have played that game from
separate locations and we could still do
that actually it's not a terrible idea
maybe we should play somewhere in that
game anyway but it's more about just
like getting together and hanging out
there I wanted to take a couple a couple
of comments from viewers so Alex
Shepherd says my company is already
talking about maybe not going back
probably by the time the Kovach crisis
subsides about 80% of our company won't
be in the office yeah that doesn't
surprise me that much it's a reasonable
conclusion it's sometimes what needs to
happen is necessity for something to
change so like it might not have been
worth the work to swap that over for a
long time and then you have to suddenly
and now it's like well because I have to
it's inherently worth the work so now we
can switch to this new mode and now I
even be more work to go back the other
way yeah yeah and then the company might
be able to save its significant amount
of money by reducing office space or
whatever else yeah and not just that but
there's like an overall benefit to
people as well like have you noticed
when you have had to go out how little
traffic there is oh yeah when I was
commuting last week before I got like a
bit of a I don't even have a sore throat
it's not sore at all I just have like a
bit of a like kind of a bit of a
occasional wet cough like I've coughed
once this entire land show and like my
voice is low like I feel otherwise a
hundred percent fine but I'm just like
yeah I clearly can't be in the office
right now even just the optics of it
even if you went and got tested and they
were like no it's not kovat 19 just the
optics of being at work sick right now
is just terrible so I've been working
but when I was commuting last week I've
been getting to the office in 15 minutes
normally it takes me like a third longer
than that I haven't even and no I see
the look on your face
no no not because I've got my foot on it
there's just no traffic
yeah there's no traffic nobody's out on
the road it's kind of crazy
I I've been talking for a long time you
and I've had this conversation before
about like future cities and and like
what working and in-person communication
and stuff might look like in the future
because the current state of these like
places in the world that are hyper hubs
of human population with super super
super expensive land and rent and all
that kind of stuff it's I mean I guess
it's relatively sustainable but it would
be way easier if people were able to
spread out with the need to communicate
into these dense areas people usually
want to pack in like crazy because
employers want access to more potential
high skilled employees yes so you want
to put your office somewhere where
there's lots of people and then
everything cranks together and where
you're you know dick feels the biggest
as well that's another thing that really
like annoys me there is no reason why
you know both sports stadiums in
Vancouver need to be in downtown
Vancouver put them somewhere else I mean
when the Olympics came to town they were
like okay let's put the the skating oval
in Richmond and let's put this stuff
over here let's put that stuff over
there yeah yeah why not what what a
novel idea
just put at the end of a train track
yeah and then we're I get it that's the
entertainment district or whatever and
there's lots of restaurants around there
and stuff you know what those
restaurants still gonna be there and if
you go and you put a Sports Arena
somewhere else the restaurants will
probably come I mean isn't that what
city planners do isn't that their job
and at least if you were somewhere else
you know everyone who needs to get to to
work or get home from work on a game
night would actually be able to do it
that would be cool because there's much
larger arteries and I mean
rohde arteries there's much larger
arteries kind of outside the city
because they're designed to bring people
into and out from the city but yeah that
stuff so that's a little separate
conversation chad lafarge says it my job
everyone not just the tech guys are
going agile so people are doing
15-minute stand up to work and Finance
or compliance cool um I took me a long
time to go look at the chat so there's
actually not that many comments about it
anymore but that's fine because we kind
of need to talk about our sponsors today
anyway
unfortunately I don't have anyway that
was weird okay displayed I don't have
any diss plates to point at because I
without thinking ahead intentionally
positioned myself on a blank wall Luke
had the the foresight to at least put
like a fern and some you know tasteful
wood paneling behind us was not me sure
anyway display their their metal prints
that are magnetically mounted to your
wall without as much risk of damaging
your wall cuz they just use like a
sticky thing and then they've got a
magnet on that and then you just stick
this metal print on top of it they've
got over 35,000 artists from 86
countries around the world that have
contributed up there over 800,000
designs they plant a tree for every
displayed sold
they've already planted over 11 million
trees man they must be selling a lot of
displaced boys and girls and basically
they're just like kind of awesome
they've got a hundred day return policy
for a 100% refund if you don't like it
you can pick between matte and gloss
finishes and they've even got the LTTE
collection oh look at that look at that
Luke's gonna loose gonna show us the
display website okay I don't have it
positioned quite right but that's that's
pretty good Luke pretty good I like it I
like it
so yeah use code ltte to save 15% at
mggg slash display when alright do you
want to switch back to yourself or do
you want to go to the moss link now I'll
work on the moss 1 LM GG g / moss
organizer
alright so moss they got all kinds of
good stuff they got their awesome
backpack apparently I'm supposed to be
featuring the black pack which is like a
bigger version of the one that I use
um so if you're bigger than me I'm like
five six what is that 185 centimeters or
whatever that works out to whatever 180
centimeters okay so that's how big I am
I'm not big enough for the black pack so
you know you go ahead you get a black
pack if you're larger than me otherwise
they've got tons of different sizes tons
of different styles the black pack has a
27 litre capacity it's made of 16 ATD
ballistic nylon for durability it's got
an exterior water bottle pocket that is
large enough to fit the LTTE water
bottle LTT store.com it's got built-in
cable management and an available power
cord and USB power bar to keep your
device's charged it's got adjustable
sternum and shoulder straps and a
built-in rain fly to protect your bag
from the elements it fits laptops up to
fifteen point six inches you know for
like big manly men with big manly
laptops and it's got a five year
warranty use golfer code line this tech
to gift and off everything on their site
they've got all kinds of stuff security
tool kit adding a VPN helps you mask
your IP and encrypt traffic to and from
your devices private internet access has
reliable service was over 3,000 servers
in 30 countries I've been using it for
years I think I've had like I don't know
maybe like two something like that and
I've been using it for bang I've been
using it since we were still working
with who was the one we worked with
before I actually can't even remember
tunnel they're tunnel bear so I was
using P ia because why was I using it I
think I switched to it on a trip to
China or something like that because I'm
not gonna guarantee P ia will work in
China because it's a constant arms race
and sometimes it works sometimes it
doesn't but I think it was because P ia
was working for me at that time and I
just never got around to canceling it
and so now I've been using it for years
and years and they now feature wire
guard which is in a beta state there's
no bandwidth caps they've got
configurable encryption and an internet
kill switch to make sure that if your
VPN disconnects you don't accidentally
leak out any data so if you're you know
let's say your torrenting movies or
whatever else you don't want a nasty
letter from your ISP PIAA is gonna make
it so that they can't tell what's coming
in and what's going out you can try it
risk-free with their 30-day money-back
guarantee and you can connect up to five
devices at once with clients for Windows
Mac OS Android iOS and Linux I'm check
it out at L mggg slash p IA when
got that in the lower third right there
that Jake graciously sent over to me
actually Johnno sent this one Jake was
the one who sent over this one because
we didn't have it in the pack that
Johnno sent that was another thing that
went wrong with yes that is what my
voice sounds like right now which is why
I've been recording all my videos from
home this week so so you like the uh you
you like me work from home scrap Hey I
mean I guess you would or you'd have to
at least say you like it cuz otherwise
how would you justify it i mine is uh
out of necessity because I look terrible
without one I think yours just looks
good I know you've you've experimented a
couple times but I think this like level
of scruff looks pretty good I think it
makes me look very very homeless really
yeah it's funny because I will I'll look
at myself in the mirror I'll be like I
look awful and I'll like try and fix my
hair I'll be like oh I've got like two
or three days of stubble that's the
problem and I'll go shave and be like
yeah that's better cuz let's face it
there's no fixing my hair mind you today
it's kind of funny this is actually no
gel I just like kind of ran my hands
through it before I went to bed cuz my
scalp was it to you not cuz I intended
to do it and then I slept on it and it
was like it's weird like see it's only
at the front it's like it's like a
peacock in front of the face kind of I
have an issue where I needed a haircut
like probably a couple months ago and I
was just putting it off like I normally
do and then now everyone's like stuck
indoors and I can't go to the
hairdresser anymore so there's personal
services are literally closed like by
dog you cannot go to a hairdresser in
British Columbia right now yes oh so uh
it's getting pretty bad it's really long
like it was already to the point where
it was like kind of you know I really
should have gone by now and now it's
been two three weeks since then and it's
just mm-hmm insanely long it's gonna get
to the point where like if this ends up
going for a very long time I'm probably
just gonna buzz it
again really it's been a long time since
then okay what do you think should I do
should I order like the top five like
trimmers off Amazon like do a review
that could be interesting is there an
opportunity here like you you can't you
can't go to a hairdresser anymore yeah
so as a guy how do you take care of
yourself yeah exactly
III was I would easily watch that I
already own one anyway but like that
would be that would be it's not very
good I actually hate it so this would be
an opportunity for me to expense a new
one yeah I mean there you go it solved
all right what else we got to talk about
today oh okay that would be an
interesting little series of videos
actually is like you what you are doing
to make the best of this kovat 19 thing
like what what is Linus doing well I
mean I do have that work-from-home thing
coming up yeah I'm gonna be like how can
you use tech in this time to like better
yours and your family's lives well stuck
at home I mean I would say you know if
you can afford it a VR headset is a
great way to make exercise fun when
you're stuck at home cuz that's another
big one is I have like look at these
shakes
oh you can't you can't you'll see it in
15 seconds or whatever but like that is
my badminton withdrawal I have not
played badness is the longest I've gone
without playing badminton in probably
years I play at minimum once every two
weeks like if I've gone two weeks Yvonne
knows there's like there's no
negotiation I need to go play because
we've worked it out such that I don't
really do anything else like I'm not I'm
not out at the bar or like like I don't
have a social life
so like the one thing I do is I go with
my my badminton friends and I play once
a week and if I miss one then I
definitely play the next week and if
it's not on my regularly scheduled night
we're gonna move it we're gonna put it
on
knightly cuz if I'm traveling on that
night or whatever the case may be and
she's super cool about it she'll always
cover for me with the kids
but I haven't been able to because all
the gyms are closed you know I cannot
play I actually did the this is the most
stupid total like dumb impulse purchase
that I have made in quite some time
but one of my my friends showed me this
let me see if I can find it it's like
this weird thing it's like actually oh
yeah I think I found it it's actually a
coach in Canada that developed this
thing and I don't think it's gonna work
very well but I just I have to have
something to get my - shake my sillies
out I just covered you with it so it's a
little like I think it's made of like
wool or something I don't know what it's
made of
we're like a yarn but it's a little ball
that's about the same weight and kind of
apparently feels the same to hit as a
badminton shuttle and you can kind of
practice some of your your reflex drills
and your control drills and hit it
against the wall without damaging your
wall and I was like okay how much is
this wow $15 for three little stupid
balls that is way too much money but I'm
gonna do it because I am so bored so I
thought that's interesting I mean it's
not like the most insane thing ever and
it's only 15 bucks I try not to waste
money on dumb stuff like that I know I
know but not my jam if it works unless
it doesn't you smell them of dumb stuff
like that like never does but if it
works even to a remotely acceptable
level that and it like helps you manage
your your York ovid time I don't think
15 bucks is that bad okay have you made
any dumb purchases because you're
certified no zero
you've know you've never bought anything
dumb in your life right Luke no I'm sure
I have I'm very sure I have but no I
haven't I haven't bought any
I bought food yeah
paper got enough paper we we already had
a decent amount cuz we had done a Costco
run kind of like the week before all
this kind of went down and it was one of
those big like restock the the the
long-term supplies Costco run so we had
a fair amount of okay I'm finished but
I'm gonna drop you right there sure if
you run out of toilet paper and you have
even the remotest amount of difficulty
finding toilet paper do you make the
switch do you go bidet already ordered
oh but you're not classifying that as
something dumb okay because that was
already planned before all of this
happened all right
I've been shopping for one for a while
they're annoyingly expensive so knowing
me it took a very long time yes
you still haven't bought a better chair
have you no okay well you did but then
you returned it I did because it wasn't
very good
and then I so that's that's the so I had
this chair that had fallen apart and was
a piece of trash and then I bought an
apartment that that came with furniture
and it had the exact same chair as mine
the exact identical model so I was just
like well I'm gonna dropkick this chair
into a dumpster thing a municipal waste
thing I don't agree it's supposed to go
there whatever and use the new chair and
then the new chair is already like I
don't know
[Music]
Luke exercise tips you know you don't
have any weights or whatever just lift
chairs so it's it's already destroyed I
think it was kind of on its last legs
because Costco hasn't sold this
particular chair as far as I know for
quite a while guys you didn't take the
other one back to Costco that seems like
such a Luke Miller I'm surprised I'm
actually I'm I'm not sure if I'm more
proud or disappointed because I'm
proud of you for not being that guy but
I'm also disappointed because I expected
you to be that guy I don't usually do oh
maybe I do gonna say I don't usually do
cheesy returns and then I was like yeah
no you do yeah okay I'm still looking
for a good chair I think I know roughly
what one I'm gonna get but I've been
frustrated with chairs for a long time
but the logitech has a Herman Miller
like across developed chair coming I
know right what's yeah Logitech and
Herman Miller
I think it's Logitech and Herman Miller
hold on what is Logitech's involvement
well the gate it's a gaming chair it's
for gamers okay but like what did they
do just design that's Herman Miller's
job I don't know man they made it for
gamers maybe it has RGB or something I
don't know I don't know if there's any
pictures out of it yet
yeah probably worth it's probably worth
giving it a shot I'll look into it
Oh Oh Herman Miller and logitech joined
forces to create high-performance
furniture solutions for gamers our
formitz furniture solutions I love it
Logitech G is committed to creating the
best gear for gamers make that possible
through a unique collaboration process
between our two those Herman Miller was
the obvious choice for a pretty I don't
know hopefully they do a good job but
yeah so the the bidet thing what you're
calling your cat through this microphone
not about that yes tree listens to
calling me no I turned off the streams
mic it's actually really nice having a
mute button right next to me oh and I
can also swear like this oh no it mutes
it doesn't mean it for you yeah you can
hear me just fine I needed it for this
June or I beeped it i beeped it for the
stream yeah yeah cuz I'm using that that
go XLR thing we did a sponsored video
for them a while back and I've been
meaning to set it up at home so that
when I'm streaming I can like bleep
myself that's my favorite thing about it
we we used it on the LAN show one week
it was actually kind of fun
it's all you can yeah it's old there's a
hundred ways you could do that but this
is just all
it's very simple just a little button
right there I'm down with it it's just
yeah it's not it's not impossible to do
other ways but yeah the the bidet thing
there's there's there's a lot of options
but I think the the like path to which
one's a good one is a little bit more
clear than a chair and I already had my
kind of eyes on one I was just like yeah
this one's probably a good purchase but
it's really expensive and then it was
like Cove it happened there's no toilet
paper anywhere and I was like okay Boop
yeah just time to go for it the thing
yeah but really what happened was my
girlfriend came up to me and was like so
I know you take a long time to make
expensive purchasing decisions but can
you kind of expedite this one a little
Wow that is probably the most tactful
way of calling your boyfriend a cheap
ass that I hope that's great but yeah
that pushed me along so that's that's
ordered it's not here yet but it should
be here in five or six days and we
definitely have enough to last us until
then so sweet we'll be alright
alright why don't we talk about the AMD
Xbox GPU source code stolen so this was
posted by RC mail on the forum and the
original article here was from Tom's
Hardware so AMD source code for Navi 10
Navi 21 and art and GPUs has appeared
online and the hacker hacker responsible
claims the information is worth 100
million and is seeking bidders what
that's like
well I've even got the cat 100 million
get real but also I don't know if I'm in
video no they can't they can't there's
no way that would like so an additional
line is the hacker says it says she in
bold I don't know why I don't know why
it matters but hacker says she will leak
everything if she doesn't get any buyers
so I think really what's going on here
is the it's worth 100 million isn't it's
more I think it's more like it's maybe
it's worth a hundred million for you
yeah yeah so you know it there does seem
to be
credibility to the claims so AMD was
apparently initially contacted by the
hacker in December and has filed at
least two DMCA takedowns against github
repos that contained the stolen source I
github has removed the repositories but
there are other sources including via a
post on 4chan hosting leaked information
so CMC a github is not gonna solve it
she claims she found the unencrypted
information in a computer slash server
that was hacked remotely AMD says the
leaked information is not core to its
competitiveness and the company is
taking legal action to remedy the
situation including working with law
enforcement officials so it sounds like
they don't intend to pay 100 billion
dollars million but this is good Dashie
you're being a very good prop right now
can you suits me good job you can hear
purring that's really cute I've only got
one cat now so I'm gonna spend as much
time as I have with that cat yeah makes
sense but yeah I think that's mostly it
for this news just say about that
I don't think AMD's gonna respond by
giving this person money because that
will obviously not solve anything
because I well data theft is always
interesting like yeah I'll give you this
money to not leak it you still have it
yeah thanks for the money guess I'll
leak it yeah exactly I don't know
there's no actual thing stopping them
from from leaking it at that point
so like gee I sure couldn't copy this to
another hard drive yeah one thing Jake
just sent me which i think is super
super valid to bring up is that the -
tech tips folding team oh yes killing it
right now the Linus tech tips folding
team is actually bigger than the default
folding team right now which I don't
believe has ever been done yeah that's
the default theme saying is when you
start folding at home and you just don't
configure anything you're just like yeah
I just want to like be helpful which is
probably going to be most people
it has always been the biggest
contributor in terms of points and the
LTTE team let me just bring up the
extreme overclocking folding stats right
here have a look here but we cracked
like a billion points a day like a
little while ago a few days ago or
something stupid like that what are we
up to now so - tech tips team there we
go
we are up to 56,000 active users and 2
billion points is our 24 hour average
the last today we have done two point
four eight billion points now for this
rule the folding team has been running
for like eight years and it's always
been pretty active through the forum
those guys are freaking awesome we've
done a few little things you know
promoting the team but honestly they've
been mostly this self perpetuating
machine they have been incredible
like we'll do a giveaway once in a while
to people with folding badges and you
get folding badges by being on the
folding team but really it's been those
guys just trying to trying to help out
so they've been running for eight years
and we're at a hundred and thirty two
billion points altogether over eight
years we did two and a half billion
points today that's nuts
everyone's everyone's totally chipping
in it's awesome glad to see it I also
want to give an individual shout out to
Jake because he is 12th on the team and
that's pretty cool stuff from work
it is also nuts that Jake who is
probably using stuff from work is 12th
on the team with a 24 hour points
average of two hundred two point six
million there is someone on the team
with the 24 hour points average of
eleven point eight that's probably
there's a guy that works at liquid they
do like its composable PCI Express
infrastructure or something like that
and I see liquid on here they are
currently ninth oh really oh I wonder if
yeah he had a machine that was capable
of
I I don't remember that's the points
average over I believe the last 24 hours
so maybe something's going on either oh
but either way there's there's lots of
people on this list that are absolutely
killing it everyone appreciates you
thank you very much I think we have a
topic in here actually if I can bring
back up the dog I have an update on that
by the way so we alluded to in our first
video about folding a week ago we
alluded to that there are not enough
servers so since one of the videos I
filmed at home this week was actually
building our folding at home ingest
server or like a job server so we're
going to be giving that half of our
internet connection at the office so
five gigabit I believe Jake has it
deployed and we're just waiting on the
folding guys to do a final validation on
it and it's gonna start issuing jobs so
we're gonna have that video coming out I
think on floatplane this weekend or
it'll be a double release on Monday
because there was one more clip we
wanted to do where once it's formally up
and running Jake was gonna video call me
in because I can't go there and we were
just gonna like kind of go oh look at
these bandwidth stats and CPU usage
stats and how many clients are connected
we just wanted to like see some some
stats that would have been kind of a fun
payoff for the end of the video so we're
just we're just waiting on that and then
we're ready to go but it should
theoretically already be running over
this weekend and we'll just be filming
that clip maybe Monday morning them will
freely edit together and throw it up as
a double release on Monday that's
awesome
that's super super cool I the additional
news I want to throw in here is actually
another one of our topics folding at
home surpasses all known supercomputers
the folding at home network is now 10
times faster than any individually known
supercomputer it's faster than the top 7
supercomputers in the world combined it
is so cool I think the coolest thing too
is that like since this has happened
where it's like oh like I think it was
like America or something hired out a
bunch of different supercomputers all to
work on this and then in response there
was much in news articles being like
folding at home
is way more powerful than all of that I
hadn't actually heard a ton about this
before then meaning that this is
probably a majority of like grassroots
forum nerd type yeah for jumping on it
which is pushing his users to get into
it I know that Tom's hardware and a non
tech have like a friendly competition
between the two of them like the to form
communities so there's there's
absolutely been other guys that have
that have kind of kicked this thing into
high gear and then you know my whole
thing is like I'm sorry you're gonna try
and like take our spot like that's our
spot so not only are we gonna hold on to
our spot ladies and gentlemen but we're
gonna take a new spot we're gonna take
the biggest spot the greatest spot so
yeah I'm really proud of our community
and not just ours but just all these
other communities that are that are
pitching in yeah it's it's super cool I
just I just have an appreciation for it
I think because it's like even even if
you're not on the the Linus tech tips
team it's it's still kind of like our
people I know that so I just think
that's that's really cool that our
segment is able to step up so much in
this time I think it's pretty awesome
let's talk about Firefox having a paid
ad free program so this the source here
is the Mozilla blog and let's let's talk
through what it is so Firefox better web
with scroll is a new test pilot
initiative where users will pay to get
an ad-free browsing service on partner
websites so it's 249 a month for the
first six months that's two dollars and
49 cents so that's what is that like 42
cents a month or something stupid like
that and then it goes to $5 per six
months after that unlike typical ad
blocking publishers will actually get a
cut of the feed to make up for the
removal of ads so it's kind of similar
to what brave browser I guess is trying
to do with their tokens but it's not
crypto based it's traditional currency
so where it's like it kind of comes down
to like an attentive
this credit early tests showed that
sites make at least 40% more than when
they just display ads like if you guys
were wondering why websites are so
plastered with ads and why they're so
obnoxious like why they're all audio ads
and auto-playing video ads it's because
ads don't pay basically anything at all
so if you're actually relying on ads to
support your business I can see why
people get desperate and start putting
like obnoxious stuff on their websites
like for us we're really lucky - tech
tips com the forum has like two ads on
it or something stupid like that just
because we were like I don't know all
the cool kids are putting ads on their
web sites like there's like an Amazon
affiliate program link or something like
that something like this plate banners
that roll through and we get we get
companies contacting us all the time
they're like hey we noticed that your
your website you know doesn't have a lot
of ads on it we think this could be a
great monetization opportunity for you
and they like show us what they figure
they could do and they they always get
like our traffic numbers wrong and stuff
like that so they don't know exactly how
much money we could be making but they
they throw some sort of projections at
us and we kind of go look that's a
rounding error we'd rather the Lynas
tech tips for him just continue exactly
the way it is the way that people love
it and change absolutely nothing about
the way we monetize it versus like you
know the couple hundred dollars a month
or whatever that it's gonna bring in
like it just doesn't even register for
us and quite honestly with the
contributors that we have on the forum
it's a break-even proposition as it is
anyway we don't actually spend a lot on
it
volunteers like Colonel mortis spend so
much time making sure that the website
is running smoothly and so the way that
I see it is if we were to turn around
and like heavily monetize that thing a
that's really a kind of a stab in the
back to the people that have contributed
their time for which they weren't paid
to build it and B we're gonna lose our
staff how are we gonna run the thing so
all of this I get to make more money but
now I just have to pay people to run it
not that doesn't
that's not useful that's not good
business mortis has laughed at us in the
past and been like you guys suck at
making money we could probably make
money better on this website
I just actually don't get it means
nothing to me
other than that it's just a great
website where people go to get help with
their problems okay that's it
mortis is amazing thank you very much
mortis kernel mortis and of course all
of our moderators yes absolutely
I get man I got C seed into just like
the dumbest moderation thread cuz the
user like didn't like what the moderator
was telling them and they like C seed me
into it as though I was gonna come in
and like rescue them and I was like no
actually like the moderator had type
like these long explanations they're so
good yeah I gradually why what they were
doing was wrong and made no sense and I
just was like I'm not even gonna reply
to this
they got this 100% under control if I
step in and I'm like yeah you know my
name's on the my names on the site or
whatever and like you know I'm like I'm
the lightest lens tech it's like I'm not
doing anything useful honestly Linus
Texas calm at this point operates almost
like a completely separate entity like
it kind of does and like honestly one of
the real in the in the communication
platform that the for moderators use and
all the kind of stuff and I often go in
and read stuff and every time I'm like
oh yeah this looks like it like probably
needs my attention I'm like oh okay
because I keep reading and eventually
they solved it better than I would have
anyways now there's like alright they
got amazing oh there was something else
right right so we were talking about how
but not everyone has the luxury of their
community forum being like a fraction of
their revenue a lot of a lot of
publishers do rely on them and so yeah
40% more than what they made for
displaying ads that sounds like a better
internet for everyone there so unlike
brave which blocks all ads then gives
users the option to
fund websites this test pilot would only
block abs on partner websites so
publishers that don't wish to partner
will continue to be able to serve ads
but Mozilla uses a customized enhanced
tracking protection setting in order to
block third-party trackers finger
printers and crypto miners which could
impact those sites ability to monetize
if they don't join the program and they
expect to just keep being able to you
know mine crypto in the in the
background on your computer when you go
to their website that's fantastic
do you think Corey would ever do this uh
I don't think so
really cuz I was gonna say I think so
YouTube basically has this with YouTube
premium so Google has definitely shown
the precedent for in my point oh okay so
I I would go with Google makes so much
money through their ads right and like I
would probably argue no I don't know I
actually have no data on this I'm not
gonna argue either way but I was gonna I
was going to argue that the majority of
ads on the Internet
we're gonna be Google ads well not not
ads Google like if we if we break it
down one more layer Google makes money
with data so this is a program might
actually give Google and excuse to
collect even more data now if they
couldn't serve an ad to you directly
with the data there's there's still
other still other ways to manipulate the
populace there's still other ways to
steer people in in purchasing directions
like like predicting Google searches and
and other things like that but yeah I
don't know my gut reaction says they
wouldn't but they totally could question
I have for you is would you do this for
what I know I know you don't you don't
use Firefox right your main browsers
chrome so if chrome had this feature and
it was identical would you pay so the
only reason I bought YouTube premium was
because people at work complained
that when they need to go back to our
library to rip a video off of YouTube
for whatever reason like they I can't
find it on the vault or if we're
borrowing content from someone else the
easiest way for us like if we're like yo
Austin can we use a clip or whatever
else the easiest way for us to get it is
to just rip it out of his video and so
when people are on YouTube for work
they were like you were literally paying
me to watch ads which was probably
cheaper for you to just pay for YouTube
premium on the LTTE account and then not
pay us to watch ads and I was like that
is very sound logic will be true yes I
will buy he actually made me buy it on
tech quickie as well he's like well I am
often logged into this account and it
would save me having to switch accounts
I was like wow that really actually
doesn't seem like that much work a
little bit no but fine whatever I don't
care it's like what is it like eight
dollars a month or something in the
grand scheme of things for Linus Media
Group incorporated as an entity that is
not a lot of money so I was like okay
fine if this makes you a happier a
happier more productive employee I let
it slide but for myself I didn't I think
we've talked about this before like I
have a superpower you know that right
my superpower is that I don't see as
yeah I cannot see them like I can I can
sit and I can load up a video on YouTube
and it'll have an ad on it and my brain
will go into this trance-like state and
then the skip ad button will appear and
I will press it and then if you asked me
three seconds later what that ad was for
I would not be able to tell you unless
you prompted me ahead of time to like
pay attention to the ad because you were
gonna test me on it later I would not
have seen it I would have to look into
it more than this tertiary look that
we're making right now but would you
consider it though I would I absolutely
would because if it's done in a certain
way I feel like it could lead to a
better internet if it doesn't
it's gonna have to promote click baiting
to a certain degree because every
reasonable financial model does oh yeah
so like whatever people dislike about
click baiting you can't get away from
that but if if we got away from all this
kind of junk that's going on and we
could move to websites being ad free I
think that would just be better for the
world and I think I think everyone ad
blocking everything is not the answer
and I've had a really weird mixed
opinion on this for a long time where
like I have ran ad blockers in the past
because I don't want my computer to get
infected with terrible things because
lots of ads are terrible things terrible
things but at the same time I mean
mortis does these days but I used to run
the line of sec tips com forum and we
were always extremely friendly with our
ads and everyone always told me that
they would whitelist web sites that
handled ads properly and then basically
no one did no it's it's the kind of
thing that I think people tell
themselves like yeah I'll whitelist the
creators that are like really good or
I'll whitelist the websites that like do
a great job of maintaining a minimal
amount of ads but we actually have
numbers you guys do no pretending yeah
and and the line of sectors forum has
always been good in terms of ads like
from from any reasonably objective point
of view and basically no one turned I'd
block off I'm sure there's two of you
whatever but like it it yeah and great
thank you but not not enough that it
made a difference
yeah and I think this could make more
websites that are better more viable if
done properly and that is something that
I think is really good so I'm not a huge
fan of the state of the internet right
now and I think it could be better if
wasn't so ad driven and if websites
weren't so desperate because it's so
hard to make money partially because of
partially their fault
partially other people's fault and
partially the people blocking ads fault
combination of people blocking ads
everything clickbait in listicles and
like the kind of junk that people click
on sort of not having a very low barrier
of entry for people to create so yeah so
much of it so then there's so much ad
inventory out there that it drives the
prices down yeah it's it's and then and
then people abuse it's it's a it's a
vicious circle it's the Ouroboros eating
itself and I this just to me if done
properly and if enough people embraced
it could could free us from the vicious
cycle maybe I'm probably being too
optimistic yeah probably I would just
like to think that way I guess so I
would definitely try it right now
Firefox better web with scroll is only
available customers located in the
United States so so I won't try I know
they don't but I do so it's like you
can't say that on the Internet yeah this
is a Christian minecraft hold on we've
got one more topic that I wanted to hit
today sure we before we go through some
super chats oh wait no can you hold on
hold on
nick is going to kill me if i don't talk
about ltte store comm I'm on it
no no I got I got it I got it like a ltd
store calm guys we have a shipping promo
so it's for our Canadian home dogs let
me just try and remember what it is yes
so from the win show right now through
Sunday night it is gonna be five dollars
shipping for all canadian orders also we
have a new product that just launched
that's all just our old products
it's called the mystery shirt so this is
basically a mix of shirts that didn't
sell or that were like promotional
limited-time ones where we'd have had
kind of a few odds and ends there's some
stuff in here that's like the reserve
inventory that we hold on to in case you
know someone has they get the wrong size
or whatever else so that we have a
little bit of inventory on hand to deal
with customer service problems so these
are ones where we feel like ok yeah it's
been a while we don't really need any of
those anymore so mystery shirts just
launched $12.99 a shirt we recommend
that you just buy one because we can't
guarantee that you'll get unique designs
if you order more than one in some sizes
there might only be like one design but
anyway we've got those and for our
Canadian home slices we've got five
dollars shipping for from now until
Sunday night this might not be the most
cheery thing to discuss but shipping has
been a pretty major issue in the in the
times of the kovat yeah okay I've got a
story you want a story yes
guess how much we are gonna be paying
we're restocking stealth hoodie because
we are completely out
guess how much it's gonna cost us in
shipping to get them over here from the
other side of the Pacific Ocean oh boy
Oh perfidy hoodie like I have no idea
this is in bulk okay this is in bulk I
have literally no clue we are not
raising the price for our valued and
beloved users but we are definitely
taking less margin on them
you got a guess come on you gotta can I
guess the Delta because I wouldn't I
would have no clue where it's got a
number it's fun it's a game it's fun
play fun game three dollars three
dollars I have no idea if that's good
enough five $5 I I don't know it's more
dollars there's no way it's in dollars
you're still there I can't see you I
have a wait till the strong Oh more than
$10 for one sweater
ha how cold am i you're pretty warm
you're getting one you're getting okay
15 it's 12 12 it's gonna cost us $12 per
per hoodie to get them over here so that
is they're gonna be a big hit to our
margin but that's like nuts that's on a
ship that's not like no no that's air
that oh that is there but that is brutal
even for air so back when I was doing
purchase purchase orders for NCIX when
if we were ordering something like like
heatsinks I think he thinks there's
something pretty comparable to a shirt
in terms of the dimensional weight it
would cost you would have to account for
somewhere between about a dollar for a
heat sink to like two dollars or
something like that if you were no oh
sorry sorry no no no no probably more
like three to five for something like
the size of a heat sink or a power
supply if you have to airship a small
quantity whereas shipping by sea it's
like less than a dollar well that's
that's what I got in my head I thought
we were talking about shipping bye see
ya I don't you said that dollars a unit
and that is at reasonable scale like
obviously we're not ordering a container
or whatever like it's like hundreds of
units as opposed to or maybe like a
little over a thousand or something like
that but it's like ridiculous and so
Nick comes to me he's like this is a lot
of money this is this is very
unreasonable do we do we just wait or do
we order it or do we go through with it
and I'm like well you know making five
bucks a unit is better than making 0.0
and not selling anything so and people
are people are bugging us about it
they're like hey stealth it is out of
stock WTF I kids I can get us self pity
an animal crossing' but I can't get one
in real life
wait what you can get a stealth OD an
animal cross you can make it someone
made a stealth hoodie someone else made
a swagat they look amazing dude my my
girlfriend will not stop talking about
or playing that game yeah it's amazing
no one was asked and she was literally
designing sweaters last night I'm not
getting it
I have never tried an animal crossing
game but it seems like the kind of game
I just shouldn't play like I get super
addicted to things sometimes like I
think I told you I think I might have
told you this know I was on LAN show
with James last week I played probably
over 30 hours of a no like in the week
leading up to last week's LAN show just
like I was up till like 3:00 4:00 a.m.
like 2/3 of the nights just like
completely addicted to this animal file
because I was having these like economic
problems that I couldn't solve and I
hadn't clued into selling ships to boost
your economy and anyway I was just like
trying to crack this crack this nut and
I was like overproducing on my islands I
was like yeah but like if I don't over
produce then I get these precipitous
drops in income because the people can't
get their luxury goods which is what
really drives your income is people
buying luxury goods at the marketplaces
and and so anyway I solved it I solved
it so I'm kind of I'm kind of on the
wagon again
now I actually don't necessarily think
that you'd be that much of an animal
crossing fan I've never tried it so it's
hard for me to say yeah I just I think
someone said Luke is super uninterested
that's actually wrong I I played an ax
with Linus for quite a while and it was
really fun he completely destroyed me
but it was still fun well not
technically because he bid me mercy and
decided not to blow up everything I had
but my history playing that game the
kind of co-op if you want to yeah we
were sort of doing that and kind of
learning the game myself but it's fun I
like I know but the the thing that makes
me think that you wouldn't necessarily
like Animal Crossing is there's I I
asked Emily last night what the goal was
and it took a really long time to get to
an answer and I started with like is the
goal to decorate right and she was like
well no and it ended up with like yeah
the goal is kind of to decorate
and I feel like that wouldn't
necessarily enthrall you quite as much
maybe not yeah maybe not as much
cosmetic upgrades haven't really been my
thing
yeah in the past it's it's very funny to
me to see like now with Animal Crossing
being like a worldwide phenomenon yeah
remember that headline we were talking
about where Microsoft basically decided
they were above both Sony and Nintendo
because they're true competitors were
Amazon and Google yeah like guys you
don't understand like it doesn't matter
how good your cloud infrastructure is if
Nintendo keeps creating gaming
experiences that people need to buy
their hardware and Biol their software
and buy all their accessory in order to
have the full experience they are going
to keep making money hand over fist five
ever like one small example of this is
it's for one one random person in in
twitch at twitch plays Deon said in all
capital letters the goal is to be cute
and I think that's probably better than
how I described it the goal is to
decorate I think yeah the goal is it's
like use games where you just like
dressed up the dolls like those web
browser games I then just like made a
little room for them to sit in and stuff
but it's like this island and you get to
like decide where people live and and
help like lay out the flowers and the
trees and catch the but but a lot less
technical I think and there's only one
island but you can go visit other
people's islands through a plane I don't
know I watch her play it for a little
bit
shoot what was I gonna say what were you
just talking about
oh no oh yeah Nintendo is never gonna
stop making money oh yeah franchise
alone is going to be enough for them to
make money forever
yes and they have they have like the
most insane war chests ever for the size
of their come
it's sounding to me that they still
aren't into like heavy into the theme
park thing because I would be as likely
to go to a Nintendo land as Disneyland
with the kids I would love to go to they
have so many beloved intellectual
properties and the amusement park
industry is the kind that I think
Nintendo could just go in and like okay
so what we need a hundred experts let's
just we have all the money in the world
let's go poach a hundred experts and
design and build a park like there's no
way they couldn't do that I think the
last time that they they had a business
model where you had to go to the
facility in person they want to kind of
hide that history a little bit so no now
my information is not messed up all
right why don't I do a couple Super
chats well you look that up no I already
found it
dude this is this is it's from kotaku so
grain of salt but for the Nintendo
they've tried to forget gambling
gangsters and love hotels ooh the
beginning of new Nintendo was okay well
they were like a little bit hard company
they were a hard company and they had a
quote unquote love hotel and some of
their playing cards had less than
clothed women on them and things like
that
scandalous yes very much so I don't I'm
just making a joke but yeah I really
think they should make Nintendo land
they literally had a game called
Nintendo land and I enjoyed it and it
was fun and they can do a much better
job with a in person real life
experience you know so you never think
they they could they could get really
heavily into like augmented reality
stuff like they could have kind of a
really focused oh my god like experience
within Pokemon land they could have you
know the safari zone but like actually
have the safari zone oh for sure for
sure
I mean Pokemon land could almost be
completely its own thing yeah but like
obviously there would have to be a kart
racing thing the mario kart ride like
there
just it would be so much fun to build
and I would go there and it would be
great maybe that maybe they're planning
I the one the one thing I'd like to
point out here is like so far already
just with Emma playing Animal Crossing
she has expressed not she's gonna buy
them but she has expressed desire for
another doc so that she can more easily
doc her switch in more than one area
luckily I also have a switch so we had
another doc so I'm not a problem and
then the other one was that we don't
have the battery pack joique on holder
thing are you slide the two joins go on
- yeah yeah we don't have the battery
pack version of that we do something for
long enough that she needs an extended
controller battery well I think she was
maybe not being the most diligent about
putting her joy cons back on I see and
it's not the newest switch so there's
probably been some battery depletion
there as well like there's there's some
other things going on there but she
wanted a controller that she could like
plug in so that she doesn't have to
worry about that it's never been a
problem but she doesn't want to worry
about it and I was like yeah I mean they
have that option it's called a pro
controller it's $100 apparently they
have poker world in Japan how have I
never heard of this world all right I
want to do a few super chats here Robert
mill says SD Express is coming out soon
yes we know so that would be that would
be cool so it's PCI Express SD cards
basically thanks trefi one thanks Jose
Jimenez growl fighter says did Alex
brought people to VR for more Triple A
games I'm not sure if I'd 100%
understand your question I think it
makes people invest in VR because
there's a triple-a game if that's what
you're asking
there's definitely been more interest in
it
Luke have you played any Alex yet I have
not I actually didn't know it was
released until today I'm quite surprised
that you'd be me to to notice that that
is very surprising to me
I've been surprisingly disconnected
because I'm trying to been like getting
stuff done huh so I didn't know
was a thing and now I'm probably gonna
get less stuff done are you gonna stream
that tonight not tonight I already have
plans tonight but maybe Monday you want
to hear my review of the first like hour
and a half yes
yep it's half-life hmm in VR now I
haven't made it that far in I still
don't have any good guns or anything but
like it's it it's in in true half-life
fashion you just kind of get there's no
clear like oh you solved the puzzle now
here's another puzzle you just sort of
walk into dead ends and you just have to
like do stuff one of the things I liked
so much about cross-code I know I always
come back to how much I love crack code
but Cross code did a really great job of
building on the skill that you just
developed with your next puzzle in a
very logical way whereas halfway and I
think it they they want you to kind of
not be sure what to do a lot and I
honestly just find it kind of tedious
okay does it does it feel like how big
of a fan of original half-life games are
you I never played half-life one I never
got through it because I tried to go
back and play it after playing half-life
2 and it just
sorry no offense it didn't hold out it's
a little rough these days 15 years ago
it didn't hold up although I do want to
try out that remake mod Black Mesa yeah
yeah I want to try that out I suspect it
probably won't be much better I don't I
don't like the style as much I had far
more fun playing far cry than I did
playing half-life 2 so this is why I
wanted to ask you that was because I
assumed that and I think some people
when they hear it's like half-life are
gonna be like yeah but I could tell by
the tone of your voice that you were
like so portal is a better game I'm a
huge fan of portal so that's not a
really difficult argument to make with
me but
I yeah I'm interested I'm definitely
gonna try it out I'm interested in it
being a a like Halo product for for VR
that's cool one really cool thing that
I've seen already I wonder if I could
find it
someone made a like teaching angles in
half life Alex YouTube video that was
like hilariously good angles I I know
sorry hold on it sounds weird and I
clicked on it because it sounded super
weird but it's really cool actually
yeah I'm gonna do a couple more super
chats well while you do that rat splits
cheers from a farmer oh yeah nope no
problem you know we we will bring you we
will bring you the entertainment to your
house even if it takes us two hours to
get the stream going that's how long I
spent on it Luke spent an hour just
helping me troubleshoot remotely and
helping out kinesics says is that the
pornhub casting couch
no but it could probably serve that
purpose it is leather so it is easy to
clean okay I've got it
the one issue is if I play it they're
not gonna hear the sound which is maybe
fine but I can skip through it and show
why it's cool
mystic wants to know why are shipping to
Australia is expensive that's because
shipping clearly as expensive sorry this
is the best we can do yes alright go
ahead look okay for now it's play
angular vocabulary review so you guys
can't hear this I guess but this is
half-life Alex and the the presenter guy
the guy hosting the video talks as if he
is teaching a class remotely things like
oh this is the first time we've had to
do this I guess I'm coming to you from
my home this is a view from my home you
wouldn't normally see this because I
talk to you in the classroom but he's
like role-playing as if he's at
and then he goes into this room and he's
able to manipulate the objects and write
on the glass and when I first saw this I
didn't think he was actually gonna do
anything and he's looking around for
something I didn't think he's actually
gonna do anything and I thought this
writing was already there and I was like
God it's interesting random thing to
have in the game I use some like math
nerds will appreciate it I wish he I
keep jumping to parts of he's just
looking around but no he did it all and
I thought this was wild it's actually
really cool he does a whole legitimate
math lesson in in Aleks and it's it's
kind of random but like you could
legitimately learn to understand angle
vocabulary after watching this person's
right yeah and it got six hundred and
fifteen thousand views that's pretty
crazy I don't know I think it's pretty
cool it's interesting and it's like well
presented and and honestly the medium
works really well for him yeah I don't
know it's just I just thought it was
really cool cool use of VR cool yes
using a videogame to accomplish a
different task Jake says what are the
prospects of honest answers volume two
particularly interested if my YouTube
premium helps the artist I watch I don't
I didn't really have anything planned
for another round of it but I can tell
you your YouTube premium does help it's
way more than adds way more that Cal
says Luke in quarantine at a spa nope
that's just his house that's just my
house that's a that's a literal zero
contribution from me that's that's my
girlfriend going around decorating
things it would look a lot more sparse
and they would be like probably band and
movie and gaming posters around and
nothing else really and it would be
Messier if it was just me pickles
yep crushing it and folding at home we
talked about that probably
after you send the superjet so yes rank
for soon you better believe it
alex says conclusion of the rebuild of
this friend transcode server um i have
not even thought about it since we
redeployed it I'll have to think about
that some more later Aaron Thompson just
finished my first week of working from
home just bread sheep type work but when
you're on a hundred milliseconds it
sucks hmm okay well that's good to know
engine says thoughts on the D brand
cyber track skin yeah that's dbrand for
you thanks Thomas C chalk RJ so I'm
watching your VR Thursday video and
wondered at what point did - just build
a fake home at the office because you
film there so often no no that's just my
house and yes you're welcome for
bringing back channels super fun there's
not too many of these these week death
here says what had said is Luke using
it's not a headset it's headphones
they're sennheiser HD five nine fives
they're quite old at this point
but they've served me well they're still
working I've had to buy new well didn't
have to but it would have been a very
bad idea if I am they were I've had to
buy new little pad things twice now just
not because they were bad just because I
use them a lot and again it was the
right thing to do but yeah I'm very
happy with these headphones I hope I
never have to replace them the only
thing that has started to come a little
bit of a drawback is that they're open
back and my current position of my
computer as you can maybe guess is in
the middle of like the living room area
yeah so sometimes if someone's like
cooking food or or doing something like
that it can be hard to hear things but
like that's just a good option coming if
you want to like spend a lot of money
again on something that you don't have
to get something better than again for a
long time I tried out the drop x THX
pandas so they're wireless oh that's
cool but you can plug in a wire or what
isn't your option it sounds the same
wired and wireless and they sound great
okay my ending I have been thinking if I
got another pair of headphones they
would need to be Wireless and closed
I wouldn't use them I wouldn't use them
on Bluetooth for gaming though I mean I
haven't actually tried and they are
using some new codecs something
something something but I doubt the
latency is gonna be good enough yeah it
would more be for like a niche case
where like I don't know like the the TV
in my place is just to my right so like
if my girlfriend wants to watch
something on there and I want to do
something on my computer that has audio
whether it's gaming or not it would be
so that these open back it but they
don't block anything well yeah at all so
it would be just to make it so that the
TV isn't literally louder for me than it
is for her because the speakers are
right beside my face so yeah I don't
know I wouldn't be too worried about
like oh I can't hear footsteps at the
exact same fidelity like I don't I'm not
super concerned about that as long as
they sound really good overall I'm not
necessarily looking for hardcore gaming
headphones and are wireless and are
closed those are like the things I'm
looking for
so maybe alright I've just got a couple
more
Zack's tube says more proof everything
is messed up this week a fern is the
special guest on the land show I Diego
says greetings from Guatemala Scott says
big shout out to all the folding people
out there well done everyone
indeed dark swordsman says I don't use P
ia but wire guard is awesome so there
you go a P ia now has beta support I
believe for a wire guard thanks Andrew
thanks Tyler thanks chef sheriff mayor
TD thanks Bryan River this is for
getting my man a better mic or this is
for my men getting a better mic I don't
know if that's to get one or to thank me
for getting one the mic i'm using is
okay isn't it I don't know you're not
watching the stream now the mic you're
listening to me on is terrible I Kyle
says what's the best GPU for folding RT
X or quadrant RT
Quadra Quadros not faster it's just got
validated drivers
oh man you sent that super chat like
multiple times I'm so sorry for not
seeing it sooner we don't do these till
the end of the show though now you know
for next time all right sorry guys no
more time for super chats it is ok I'm
sorry Luke we went for a long time today
ok no need to apologize to me yeah good
good chat yeah absolutely
hey um are you streaming tonight oh my
girlfriend is going to be streaming what
animal crossing tonight what it's a week
so she's dreams but she still she still
doesn't say her name interesting yeah I
don't know I think I said it once on
this show I forget what the rules are
all time it's better to say nothing I
guess yeah but yeah she's she's
streaming Animal Crossing tonight
hopefully that'll be fun I don't I guess
it's promotion time it's twitch TV / I
think you're a terrible you're a
terrible boyfriend and a terrible
girlfriend's twitch channel twitch.tv
slash planty time
apparently she's playing Animal Crossing
with my mom I think I think they're even
like on voice chat with each other and
stuff legitimate Lee sounds like it
might be entertaining I mean it could be
so I mean I'm not gonna watch it
sometimes you know yeah yeah alright
cool yeah so hey how's your beat saver
training coming you know very well I
haven't been doing a ton in that realm
for awhile I don't work on stuff my Nass
is all fully updated it only took two
and a half weeks that's good and now
like my next major project that I'm
working on is I have to drill a bunch of
holes so that I can put this nass
somewhere where it's not going to be
annoying
and then I'm gonna work on kind of
redoing the networking through my entire
place because right now only four plugs
at a time can work and be active
four of the wall plugs and that's a
limitation of the modem router combo
that I'm still on that tell us gave me
so I want to switch off of that but then
there's issues with the other stuff blue
blue blue so yeah that's right but then
shipments are all delayed so maybe I
won't be able to do that I don't know
but yeah I've been working on lots of
stuff
I'm also this was a project with no one
watching cares about this at all so
maybe we can just cut it now but one of
my other projects is I'm gonna be
working on planters for the deck this is
a me idea because I want to play as
boring food not not random other stuff
people are suggesting a raid I don't
know all right
your thing well cool story bro thanks
yeah thanks for tuning in this week guys
see you again next week
not at the same time but definitely the
same
I think a bunch people win
[Music]
plenty time
I think you just typed in the chat slash
raid plan
[Music]
Oh
that's not what we're gonna be doing
today is it oh boy thank you instead
we're gonna be trying it out at a
variety of different price points so
we're starting with an oculus quest a
geforce gtx 1060 a combo of which is
gonna cost you about $500 and we're
gonna make our way up and see just what
hardware is required for a fantastic
hath like alex experience and the whole
thing is brought to you by mod mike mod
mike's lineup includes three options the
mod mike USB which is USB attachable the
mod Mikey uni which uses
three-and-a-half millimeter Jack and the
mod Mike Wireless which is of course
Wireless you can check out their lineup
at the link in the video description
[Music]
step one today then is to downgrade my
gaming rig you can tell I built this a
while ago yes that is a mechanical hard
drive for gamers there is really not
much benefit to upgrading your SSD once
you have at least an SSD loading times
for games this case is a little bit
tricky the graphics card goes in from
the front
we chose the geforce gtx 1060 for a
couple of reasons number one is that
valve system requirements for the game
specifically call for dt x 1060 minimum
and number two is that you can obtain
these for anywhere between about eighty
and a hundred US dollars on ebay which
we think is a really great sort of entry
level gaming graphics card price point
as a little different from what we
usually do on this channel but the
downgrade ah is complete now for the
headset at $400 the oculus quest isn't
exactly cheap but we still like it for
our entry-level VR headset
recommendation because of how versatile
it is so you can grab a link cable boom
ah perfect
play desktop VR games on your computer
and then unplug take it with you on the
go and you know play some beats neighbor
while you're traveling for our link
cable we're using a high quality anchor
USB a two-type see this sim loon right
angle adapter and this monoprice active
USB extension cable it's a bit of a
cloudy solution and it will cost you
about 30 bucks but it's way way better
than trying to use the quest wirelessly
on the desktop it's just not worth it
it's noisy hitting headsets powered on
and there we go alright so we just need
to set up the oculus link beta and we
will need the oculus store for that even
though we will be playing the game
through Steam you guys can see the mouse
cursor right okay finally so in summary
we had to update the firmware on the
oculus quest and then update our oculus
store and we press on steam link beta
and theoretically everything's good to
go
feels pretty good so that's stupid as it
is in order to play a steam game you
just have to go into your oculus so
VR experience and then you have to just
launch steamvr separately I was very
surprised to find out that apparently
all the support for oculus devices in
steam is valves work not Facebook's work
they just seem to not care and valve
apparently put a lot of work into making
the half-life Alex experience good no
matter what headset you're using and it
apparently cost them some fun and
interesting game mechanics that would
have worked on the index controllers
with their individual finger tracking
and fine control but that weren't gonna
work on third-party ones like these
performance a there we go medium
fidelity these are set automatically
modifying these may impact framerate all
right all right well there's our hand
presses so index finger is handled by
the trigger and then the other three
fingers are handled by the side button
here thumb is just from touching the top
buttons you don't actually have to press
them whoa and I just connected that's
very disorienting I'm gonna try plugging
into one of the rear USB ports sometimes
they can be a little bit more reliable
it took a while but we finally got there
it doesn't look like we can run OBS at
the same time as mirroring the game and
playing the game overall 72 Hertz like I
said when I did my original video about
the quest really doesn't feel that bad
from a purely just like standing around
an experiencing stuff standpoint the
only time it really makes a difference
to me is in something really fast-paced
like especially beat Sabre I'm
definitely noticing that the hand
presence would feel more natural with
Valve's controllers where it holds the
controller onto you because I find my
instinct is to open up my hand and then
go and grab stuff whereas I kind of have
to like hold on to it like this I'm
definitely getting a touch of stutter
enos but overall oculus link is way
better than last time we used it oculus
link died again so we're just gonna
abandon it at this point if you have
oculus link working reliably really our
main argument for the oculus quest for
this application is that you already
have one and you use it for other stuff
anyway if you're specifically buying a
PC gaming headset to play half-life Alex
this is not necessarily the way to go
and the good news is that the rift s
cost exactly the same amount
anyway so let's move on to that for
those who aren't familiar the rift s is
similar to the quest in a couple of ways
it uses inside-out tracking so you don't
need to mount any base stations on your
walls and it uses oculus as touch
controllers but the key difference is
that it is designed for PC use so it has
a USB and DisplayPort cable that go
straight into the headset the resolution
is actually a touch lower than the quest
but the refresh rate is higher at 80
Hertz it's a good balance of price to
performance and convenience
honestly the difference in resolution
between these two is not especially
noticeable difference in frame rate
again eight Hertz it's not a night or
day difference but the difference in the
feeling and the experience is pretty big
now I heard that with the index you can
actually pick up and then also crush
cans but that doesn't seem to be the
case mind you that cans already crashed
maybe we can find another can later I'm
definitely seeing it chugged a little
bit here this poor 1060 as things get a
little bit busier I'm getting a couple
frame drops in VR feel a little bit
different than normal frame drops
because the headsets are often trying to
interpolate frames where they don't have
real information so it's kind of more
like a like a hitch than just a regular
stutter really subtle touch feedback
when you reach out and touch a wall ooh
that was a really ugly frame drop there
it's going to the game menus and see if
dropping it down to low settings
resolves that for us I gotta say the
game looks pretty good on medium
apparently with a 1060 on medium you can
run into vram issues so that's probably
why you got the big boil stuttery
starter there that's pretty nice now
though seems like it's mostly lighting
and shadows that took a hit there I want
to turn it back up and just have a look
yeah the ambience is definitely better
on Willian but it's not like the game
still doesn't look good
man if I wasn't looking at them
side-by-side I wouldn't be like oh this
is like a crap looking game on low and
it's a great looking game on medium and
for the smoothness I'll definitely take
low on the 1060 now our original
intention had been to upgrade our GPU
and our headset at the same time going
from the quest to the rift test and from
the gtx 1060 to the RT x 2070 giving us
nice tidy about $500 about $1000 and
then about $2,000 price brackets it
didn't work out that way but that's okay
so we're gonna be using our riff test
now again but this time with the RT X
2070 super which should allow us to turn
up the details in the game a fair bit
something to keep in mind is that we're
only upgrading to the 2070 for the extra
GPU horsepower half-life Alex doesn't
take advantage of our TX real-time ray
tracing or anything like that
so if you want to stick with the 10
series something like a 1070 1080 or
1080 Ti would be an excellent upgrade
and in fact 1080 T eyes are about 10 to
15 percent more powerful than a 2070
super while actually costing anywhere
from 50 to $100 less on the used market
one reason to go 2000 series though is
if you're a game streamer because you're
gonna be able to take advantage of the
neutering and vank encoder all right so
it automatically turned us up to high
fidelity now so let's go back and have a
look at low unfortunately I don't think
you guys are getting a great look at
what I'm seeing through the recording at
least the first one we did the recording
quality really wasn't great but we were
using the older end bank encoder this
one might end up being better all right
so there's low and there's high there's
not look materially different to you
guys
not really the shadows look crisper okay
here's a soft shadow alright
- ality what am I looking for here
here's a texture here's the floor
alright
well looking at this performance if we
spent all this time just to find out
that it really makes just no done lick a
difference okay it's a little blurry er
it's blurry like it looks like kind of
like my eyes are a little bit out of
focus you know and there's no actual
like texture in the grout lines these
these shadows here they're like they're
kind of fake looking okay yeah there's
not much difference that that's pretty
similar looking does look a little bit
more poppy but it is still flat it's
still fake Oh shadows on the tiles
they're all traffic Ella t maybe instead
of looking at things close look at
things really far in the distance fine
okay well then let's just look at that
you know these tile walls and stuff back
here all right
cool all right fine and like that
concrete looks pretty natural we're
gonna go all the way down to low this
does not look different to me well I
would say aside from the frame rate
never dipping playing on even high
actually this experience is remarkably
similar to the 1060 especially when you
consider that it costs five times as
much moving up to our highest price
headset the valve index costs a cool one
thousand US dollars but comes with some
clear benefits given that it's made by
the same developer as half-life Alex in
the first place first is the hardware
the refresh rate of the display goes up
to a hundred and forty-four Hertz which
contributes to less motion sickness and
smoother animations as you're moving
around in the virtual world the speakers
and microphone are excellent if you're a
streamer it means you don't have to have
any additional headphones or a
third-party mic attached to it and of
course there's the index controllers so
they've got pressure sensitivity and
individual finger detection just by
touching the top of the controller the
trigger and all
along the handle here there's wack ton
of sensors plus the ability to let go of
it completely when you're interacting
with things in the virtual world thanks
to the straps that hold onto the back of
your hand one of the hidden costs for
the index though is in the additional
hardware you'll need for your PC up
until now our 2070 super and even our
1060 have delivered a great experience
but if you're gonna run the refresh rate
of the display at 144 Hertz you're gonna
need at minimum a hundred and forty four
frames per second in your game in order
to not get stuttering and weird cutters
that is definitely better just being
able to like touch it's very intuitive
oh wow and not having to hold on to the
controller but still being able to reach
the joystick really nice oh there we go
now I just use the touchpad to switch my
stuff and that explains the interface
design with the like kind of up and down
motion can I just slide it no I do
actually have to physically move alright
I do really love oculus as lenses but
pack is so smooth it's taking anywhere
from about four point nine to five point
two milliseconds to draw each frame this
is at 144 Hertz so as long as we draw
each frame in less than 6.9 milliseconds
we're good and we shouldn't see any
stutters as I move into more demanding
environments though we could see some
spikes so I was still on high fidelity
just now I suspect if we switch to ultra
fidelity we're gonna have a problem
definitely seeing some spikes above our
threshold here so I'm gonna dial it back
to high so I wouldn't say that it's a
huge problem but it's the kind of thing
that might manifest as feeling a little
bit nauseated after playing for two
hours and so you might as well make sure
that you're gonna be as comfortable as
you can be VR can be a little
disorientating at the best of times like
I don't have them side by side but
realistically these graphics do not look
that much better than half-life 2 out in
a more open space something they've
really done a great job of is smoothing
the performance kind of no matter
whether you're in a confined small space
with not a lot going on or in a big open
space you can see they've kind of
gracefully done away with a lot of the
draw distance that you might
in a game that's not in VR but it
doesn't feel unnatural just feels kind
of like over caste and gloomy it really
fits with the tone of the game not all
the visuals are amazing for sure like
obviously the textures and lighting have
come a long way since the original
half-life 2 but there's you know novice
thing isn't necessarily the most
beautiful looking games like that water
yes very
couple generations ago and these plants
are like yeah that's that's an older
technique you got your lips I'd on the
lit side and your shaded side on the
it's not it should be noted guys they're
probably making a lot of these
compromises for performance reasons
because it is much more demanding to
render a game in VR than it is on a
desktop monitor I've seen way better
graffiti now that I've seen all the
different visual fidelity levels and
crank the index up to 144 Hertz which is
the highest on the market I can say with
reasonable confidence that the 2070
super is darn near the best you could
need for a great half-life Alex
experience of course if you've got it
paired with an adequate CPU I'm actually
using a risin 3900 X in this machine but
for science we're gonna go ahead and
throw the ITX 20 atti that I normally
run in this rig back in it and see if
there's any noticeable difference sorry
I misspoke I'm running a risin 730 800 X
but my point stands as long as you've
got a decent gaming processor even going
back to a 4770k
especially if you throw a light
overclock on it I don't expect that to
be your bottleneck okay your performance
settings are now at a recommended level
performance high put me at high nah dawg
I'm playing Ultra interestingly it looks
like we were as much CPU bottleneck to
as GPU bottlenecks before well there's
no doubt the game runs better on the 20
atti that is butter smooth and I'm not
getting any spikes I love that 6.9
millisecond threshold or at least
nothing that I can notice at all like
there's one that touched the line just
there but that's it and we're mostly
around the five five point five
millisecond
that's great switching back to low
though even with that said I wouldn't
say that the game looks way worse even
on the very lowest settings the lighting
effects in there I think those were
better back to high yeah where it's not
by much so it would be really hard for
me to recommend spending $1,100 on a
graphics card to play this game even if
you did already spend $1,000 on your
headset which is a funny thing to say I
expected the conclusion of today's video
to be a little bit complicated but
actually it ended up being really simple
as long as you've got something I would
say 1070 and better you're having pretty
much the half-life Alyx experience so if
you're gonna invest a bunch more money
in order just to play this game I would
say it should really be in your VR
peripherals the index controllers no
doubt make the game better compared to
any other controller the hand presence
is lightyears ahead of what anyone else
is doing with that said I don't think
that the valve index head-mounted
display is as big of a game-changer as
the controllers are given the style of
game that we're playing I would say
something like a RIF desk or probably
more likely something like a vive pro
especially with the wireless adapter
would actually be a more immersive
gameplay experience compared to the
higher refresh rate of the valve index
so I think valve has done a great job
then of balancing their two priorities
one giving a great gaming experience
to every VR player regardless of their
hardware whether you're running a
Windows mixed reality headset all the
way up to the valve index or a mid-range
graphics card versus a high-end one but
then also giving that little bit of
extra to the people who did spend $1,000
on the top-of-the-line VR headset on the
market main gears vector gaming laptop
is available at 25 micro Center
locations as well as on Amazon it
features a core i7 97 50 H processor
nvidia geforce gtx 1660 TI graphics 16
gigs of ram 512 gigs of nvme storage and
a 15.6 inch 144 hertz full HD display
check out this and other
Micro Center specials at the links below
thanks for watching then if you guys
want to see my full thoughts on the
valve index from my original review make
sure you check that out we're gonna have
that linked in the video description and
a video you shouldn't watch is my one of
the vive pro because the more I game
with its Heather the more that looks
like a pretty good solution with the
wireless adapter by comparison even if
it does mean dropping from 144 Hertz all
the way down to 90
that's not what we're gonna be doing
today is it oh boy thank you instead
we're gonna be trying it out at a
variety of different price points so
we're starting with an oculus quest a
geforce gtx 1060 a combo of which is
gonna cost you about $500 and we're
gonna make our way up and see just what
hardware is required for a fantastic
hath like alex experience and the whole
thing is brought to you by mod mike mod
mike's lineup includes three options the
mod mike USB which is USB attachable the
mod Mikey uni which uses
three-and-a-half millimeter Jack and the
mod Mike Wireless which is of course
Wireless you can check out their lineup
at the link in the video description
[Music]
step one today then is to downgrade my
gaming rig you can tell I built this a
while ago yes that is a mechanical hard
drive for gamers there is really not
much benefit to upgrading your SSD once
you have at least an SSD loading times
for games this case is a little bit
tricky the graphics card goes in from
the front
we chose the geforce gtx 1060 for a
couple of reasons number one is that
valve system requirements for the game
specifically call for dt x 1060 minimum
and number two is that you can obtain
these for anywhere between about eighty
and a hundred US dollars on ebay which
we think is a really great sort of entry
level gaming graphics card price point
as a little different from what we
usually do on this channel but the
downgrade ah is complete now for the
headset at $400 the oculus quest isn't
exactly cheap but we still like it for
our entry-level VR headset
recommendation because of how versatile
it is so you can grab a link cable boom
ah perfect
play desktop VR games on your computer
and then unplug take it with you on the
go and you know play some beats neighbor
while you're traveling for our link
cable we're using a high quality anchor
USB a two-type see this sim loon right
angle adapter and this monoprice active
USB extension cable it's a bit of a
cloudy solution and it will cost you
about 30 bucks but it's way way better
than trying to use the quest wirelessly
on the desktop it's just not worth it
it's noisy hitting headsets powered on
and there we go alright so we just need
to set up the oculus link beta and we
will need the oculus store for that even
though we will be playing the game
through Steam you guys can see the mouse
cursor right okay finally so in summary
we had to update the firmware on the
oculus quest and then update our oculus
store and we press on steam link beta
and theoretically everything's good to
go
feels pretty good so that's stupid as it
is in order to play a steam game you
just have to go into your oculus so
VR experience and then you have to just
launch steamvr separately I was very
surprised to find out that apparently
all the support for oculus devices in
steam is valves work not Facebook's work
they just seem to not care and valve
apparently put a lot of work into making
the half-life Alex experience good no
matter what headset you're using and it
apparently cost them some fun and
interesting game mechanics that would
have worked on the index controllers
with their individual finger tracking
and fine control but that weren't gonna
work on third-party ones like these
performance a there we go medium
fidelity these are set automatically
modifying these may impact framerate all
right all right well there's our hand
presses so index finger is handled by
the trigger and then the other three
fingers are handled by the side button
here thumb is just from touching the top
buttons you don't actually have to press
them whoa and I just connected that's
very disorienting I'm gonna try plugging
into one of the rear USB ports sometimes
they can be a little bit more reliable
it took a while but we finally got there
it doesn't look like we can run OBS at
the same time as mirroring the game and
playing the game overall 72 Hertz like I
said when I did my original video about
the quest really doesn't feel that bad
from a purely just like standing around
an experiencing stuff standpoint the
only time it really makes a difference
to me is in something really fast-paced
like especially beat Sabre I'm
definitely noticing that the hand
presence would feel more natural with
Valve's controllers where it holds the
controller onto you because I find my
instinct is to open up my hand and then
go and grab stuff whereas I kind of have
to like hold on to it like this I'm
definitely getting a touch of stutter
enos but overall oculus link is way
better than last time we used it oculus
link died again so we're just gonna
abandon it at this point if you have
oculus link working reliably really our
main argument for the oculus quest for
this application is that you already
have one and you use it for other stuff
anyway if you're specifically buying a
PC gaming headset to play half-life Alex
this is not necessarily the way to go
and the good news is that the rift s
cost exactly the same amount
anyway so let's move on to that for
those who aren't familiar the rift s is
similar to the quest in a couple of ways
it uses inside-out tracking so you don't
need to mount any base stations on your
walls and it uses oculus as touch
controllers but the key difference is
that it is designed for PC use so it has
a USB and DisplayPort cable that go
straight into the headset the resolution
is actually a touch lower than the quest
but the refresh rate is higher at 80
Hertz it's a good balance of price to
performance and convenience
honestly the difference in resolution
between these two is not especially
noticeable difference in frame rate
again eight Hertz it's not a night or
day difference but the difference in the
feeling and the experience is pretty big
now I heard that with the index you can
actually pick up and then also crush
cans but that doesn't seem to be the
case mind you that cans already crashed
maybe we can find another can later I'm
definitely seeing it chugged a little
bit here this poor 1060 as things get a
little bit busier I'm getting a couple
frame drops in VR feel a little bit
different than normal frame drops
because the headsets are often trying to
interpolate frames where they don't have
real information so it's kind of more
like a like a hitch than just a regular
stutter really subtle touch feedback
when you reach out and touch a wall ooh
that was a really ugly frame drop there
it's going to the game menus and see if
dropping it down to low settings
resolves that for us I gotta say the
game looks pretty good on medium
apparently with a 1060 on medium you can
run into vram issues so that's probably
why you got the big boil stuttery
starter there that's pretty nice now
though seems like it's mostly lighting
and shadows that took a hit there I want
to turn it back up and just have a look
yeah the ambience is definitely better
on Willian but it's not like the game
still doesn't look good
man if I wasn't looking at them
side-by-side I wouldn't be like oh this
is like a crap looking game on low and
it's a great looking game on medium and
for the smoothness I'll definitely take
low on the 1060 now our original
intention had been to upgrade our GPU
and our headset at the same time going
from the quest to the rift test and from
the gtx 1060 to the RT x 2070 giving us
nice tidy about $500 about $1000 and
then about $2,000 price brackets it
didn't work out that way but that's okay
so we're gonna be using our riff test
now again but this time with the RT X
2070 super which should allow us to turn
up the details in the game a fair bit
something to keep in mind is that we're
only upgrading to the 2070 for the extra
GPU horsepower half-life Alex doesn't
take advantage of our TX real-time ray
tracing or anything like that
so if you want to stick with the 10
series something like a 1070 1080 or
1080 Ti would be an excellent upgrade
and in fact 1080 T eyes are about 10 to
15 percent more powerful than a 2070
super while actually costing anywhere
from 50 to $100 less on the used market
one reason to go 2000 series though is
if you're a game streamer because you're
gonna be able to take advantage of the
neutering and vank encoder all right so
it automatically turned us up to high
fidelity now so let's go back and have a
look at low unfortunately I don't think
you guys are getting a great look at
what I'm seeing through the recording at
least the first one we did the recording
quality really wasn't great but we were
using the older end bank encoder this
one might end up being better all right
so there's low and there's high there's
not look materially different to you
guys
not really the shadows look crisper okay
here's a soft shadow alright
- ality what am I looking for here
here's a texture here's the floor
alright
well looking at this performance if we
spent all this time just to find out
that it really makes just no done lick a
difference okay it's a little blurry er
it's blurry like it looks like kind of
like my eyes are a little bit out of
focus you know and there's no actual
like texture in the grout lines these
these shadows here they're like they're
kind of fake looking okay yeah there's
not much difference that that's pretty
similar looking does look a little bit
more poppy but it is still flat it's
still fake Oh shadows on the tiles
they're all traffic Ella t maybe instead
of looking at things close look at
things really far in the distance fine
okay well then let's just look at that
you know these tile walls and stuff back
here all right
cool all right fine and like that
concrete looks pretty natural we're
gonna go all the way down to low this
does not look different to me well I
would say aside from the frame rate
never dipping playing on even high
actually this experience is remarkably
similar to the 1060 especially when you
consider that it costs five times as
much moving up to our highest price
headset the valve index costs a cool one
thousand US dollars but comes with some
clear benefits given that it's made by
the same developer as half-life Alex in
the first place first is the hardware
the refresh rate of the display goes up
to a hundred and forty-four Hertz which
contributes to less motion sickness and
smoother animations as you're moving
around in the virtual world the speakers
and microphone are excellent if you're a
streamer it means you don't have to have
any additional headphones or a
third-party mic attached to it and of
course there's the index controllers so
they've got pressure sensitivity and
individual finger detection just by
touching the top of the controller the
trigger and all
along the handle here there's wack ton
of sensors plus the ability to let go of
it completely when you're interacting
with things in the virtual world thanks
to the straps that hold onto the back of
your hand one of the hidden costs for
the index though is in the additional
hardware you'll need for your PC up
until now our 2070 super and even our
1060 have delivered a great experience
but if you're gonna run the refresh rate
of the display at 144 Hertz you're gonna
need at minimum a hundred and forty four
frames per second in your game in order
to not get stuttering and weird cutters
that is definitely better just being
able to like touch it's very intuitive
oh wow and not having to hold on to the
controller but still being able to reach
the joystick really nice oh there we go
now I just use the touchpad to switch my
stuff and that explains the interface
design with the like kind of up and down
motion can I just slide it no I do
actually have to physically move alright
I do really love oculus as lenses but
pack is so smooth it's taking anywhere
from about four point nine to five point
two milliseconds to draw each frame this
is at 144 Hertz so as long as we draw
each frame in less than 6.9 milliseconds
we're good and we shouldn't see any
stutters as I move into more demanding
environments though we could see some
spikes so I was still on high fidelity
just now I suspect if we switch to ultra
fidelity we're gonna have a problem
definitely seeing some spikes above our
threshold here so I'm gonna dial it back
to high so I wouldn't say that it's a
huge problem but it's the kind of thing
that might manifest as feeling a little
bit nauseated after playing for two
hours and so you might as well make sure
that you're gonna be as comfortable as
you can be VR can be a little
disorientating at the best of times like
I don't have them side by side but
realistically these graphics do not look
that much better than half-life 2 out in
a more open space something they've
really done a great job of is smoothing
the performance kind of no matter
whether you're in a confined small space
with not a lot going on or in a big open
space you can see they've kind of
gracefully done away with a lot of the
draw distance that you might
in a game that's not in VR but it
doesn't feel unnatural just feels kind
of like over caste and gloomy it really
fits with the tone of the game not all
the visuals are amazing for sure like
obviously the textures and lighting have
come a long way since the original
half-life 2 but there's you know novice
thing isn't necessarily the most
beautiful looking games like that water
yes very
couple generations ago and these plants
are like yeah that's that's an older
technique you got your lips I'd on the
lit side and your shaded side on the
it's not it should be noted guys they're
probably making a lot of these
compromises for performance reasons
because it is much more demanding to
render a game in VR than it is on a
desktop monitor I've seen way better
graffiti now that I've seen all the
different visual fidelity levels and
crank the index up to 144 Hertz which is
the highest on the market I can say with
reasonable confidence that the 2070
super is darn near the best you could
need for a great half-life Alex
experience of course if you've got it
paired with an adequate CPU I'm actually
using a risin 3900 X in this machine but
for science we're gonna go ahead and
throw the ITX 20 atti that I normally
run in this rig back in it and see if
there's any noticeable difference sorry
I misspoke I'm running a risin 730 800 X
but my point stands as long as you've
got a decent gaming processor even going
back to a 4770k
especially if you throw a light
overclock on it I don't expect that to
be your bottleneck okay your performance
settings are now at a recommended level
performance high put me at high nah dawg
I'm playing Ultra interestingly it looks
like we were as much CPU bottleneck to
as GPU bottlenecks before well there's
no doubt the game runs better on the 20
atti that is butter smooth and I'm not
getting any spikes I love that 6.9
millisecond threshold or at least
nothing that I can notice at all like
there's one that touched the line just
there but that's it and we're mostly
around the five five point five
millisecond
that's great switching back to low
though even with that said I wouldn't
say that the game looks way worse even
on the very lowest settings the lighting
effects in there I think those were
better back to high yeah where it's not
by much so it would be really hard for
me to recommend spending $1,100 on a
graphics card to play this game even if
you did already spend $1,000 on your
headset which is a funny thing to say I
expected the conclusion of today's video
to be a little bit complicated but
actually it ended up being really simple
as long as you've got something I would
say 1070 and better you're having pretty
much the half-life Alyx experience so if
you're gonna invest a bunch more money
in order just to play this game I would
say it should really be in your VR
peripherals the index controllers no
doubt make the game better compared to
any other controller the hand presence
is lightyears ahead of what anyone else
is doing with that said I don't think
that the valve index head-mounted
display is as big of a game-changer as
the controllers are given the style of
game that we're playing I would say
something like a RIF desk or probably
more likely something like a vive pro
especially with the wireless adapter
would actually be a more immersive
gameplay experience compared to the
higher refresh rate of the valve index
so I think valve has done a great job
then of balancing their two priorities
one giving a great gaming experience
to every VR player regardless of their
hardware whether you're running a
Windows mixed reality headset all the
way up to the valve index or a mid-range
graphics card versus a high-end one but
then also giving that little bit of
extra to the people who did spend $1,000
on the top-of-the-line VR headset on the
market main gears vector gaming laptop
is available at 25 micro Center
locations as well as on Amazon it
features a core i7 97 50 H processor
nvidia geforce gtx 1660 TI graphics 16
gigs of ram 512 gigs of nvme storage and
a 15.6 inch 144 hertz full HD display
check out this and other
Micro Center specials at the links below
thanks for watching then if you guys
want to see my full thoughts on the
valve index from my original review make
sure you check that out we're gonna have
that linked in the video description and
a video you shouldn't watch is my one of
the vive pro because the more I game
with its Heather the more that looks
like a pretty good solution with the
wireless adapter by comparison even if
it does mean dropping from 144 Hertz all
the way down to 90
of the S20 Ultra 5G
rally chunkier 
ings should be 00:01:04.630 --> 00:01:06.920
rials are also
e held today.

width of their
xistent and I almost

r a popup selfie camera

 more comfortable 
r a proper grill 
ugh I normally use
 a big difference
that doesn't vibrate your phone.
ot of flack for 
inally at the point where 00:02:32.230 --> 00:02:33.990

m to settle down 00:02:40.960 --> 00:02:42.414
 the phone is small and there's

reens have gotten, 00:02:57.980 --> 00:02:58.919
probably going to be the best

r a short adjustment,
ically any conditions 00:03:18.890 --> 00:03:22.036
 is still good 00:03:24.951 --> 00:03:28.027
g up a movie 00:03:31.660 --> 00:03:32.720
ips from my plex server over wifi,
the icing on the cake here.
tually kind of 
 120 Hertz as the next big thing 00:03:57.930 --> 00:04:00.147

ce feel snappier 00:04:09.890 --> 00:04:10.840
s and performance
arly with 120 Hertz enabled
s about the lack of support 00:04:27.330 --> 00:04:29.744
't bother me at all, 00:04:33.910 --> 00:04:35.850
mode, everything at 120 Hertz,
of screen time, love it.
fingerprint sensor.

k draw speed, 00:05:00.620 --> 00:05:01.453
g people are
the Exynos and Snapdragon versions
en outlier results for both, 00:05:17.740 --> 00:05:20.880
the most part, the
ow to explain the difference,
ech 
decoding hardware, 00:05:43.242 --> 00:05:45.840
fall behind by 25% or more
 it, there's a 
al sourcing parts 00:06:05.719 --> 00:06:07.920
built to the same spec,
in an Exynos region,
sung's entire 
consider Samsung's 
ll a Samsung camera so the colors

easonable zoom levels,
contain a lot more detail
zoom shot on an iPhone.
t a lot of shooting options 00:07:05.496 --> 00:07:07.950
h they hadn't quite
 of the touted features,
tly useless as anything 
loser to my phone 00:07:30.399 --> 00:07:32.680
fine, it's just

ith 8K 00:07:47.445 --> 00:07:49.380

f the motion blur 00:08:00.570 --> 00:08:02.409

dn't find myself 
be worth switching to 00:08:19.170 --> 00:08:21.570
ange is much worse 00:08:24.488 --> 00:08:26.870
s support HDR 00:08:30.338 --> 00:08:31.700
ple rarely complain about it.
ing the top new 
le who apparently 
amsung phone, 00:08:51.220 --> 00:08:54.564
eristically happy 00:08:57.390 --> 00:08:59.320

roblem for me 00:09:06.713 --> 00:09:09.310
to be manually tuned

for like, my garage door opening, 00:09:24.090 --> 00:09:25.570
out what buzzed my phone.
on them for some reason.
icrosoft Teams 
oft's fault 00:09:43.330 --> 00:09:45.650
 have to dump 00:09:47.900 --> 00:09:49.980
ine then.
ty of the materials, 00:09:57.180 --> 00:09:59.570
 for anything remember?
300 more than the base model 00:10:12.136 --> 00:10:14.370

had some space age new technology 00:10:25.540 --> 00:10:27.910

nt a head turner, get a Fold 00:10:39.400 --> 00:10:42.040
el or an iPhone 00:10:45.140 --> 00:10:47.610
he thing,
and my old daily driver,
anna play with the zoom, 00:11:01.060 --> 00:11:02.370

nd grip is super grippy,
ou're me haha, see 
act protection, 00:11:23.350 --> 00:11:25.850
 super tactile buttons,
compatibility 
inus Tech Tip 
 out their line up.

didn't wanna 
 link that video down below, 00:11:54.630 --> 00:11:56.380
upgrading their servers and quite
frankly I felt low tech walking around
inside here this video is brought to you
guys by smartdeploy smartdeploy makes it
easy to handle daily IT tasks like
windows imaging patching up dating apps
and migrating user data you can do it
over your existing network or the cloud
without even leaving your desk get your
exclusive free offer and smartdeploy
comm slash Linus
[Music]
so far their tech infrastructure is
actually not bad Alex here has equipped
their editing stations with six core
processors GTX 1080 or better graphics
cards what they don't have is a
high-speed nest so we were here hooking
them up with this 45 drives tornado
which has a whopping 20-plus terabytes
of solid-state ten gigabit per second
storage and we've got some other treats
in store for them right now server room
looking a little sad the work server is
a thread Ripper equipped rendering
server that also access their main video
editing as right now with a single two
terabyte nvme drive in it that's why
we're replacing it and then they've got
the dungeon that's what they call their
equivalent of the vault which is just
full of hard drives for them to archive
old projects so we've brought them
another 70 terabytes of storage to
upgrade this puppy what's great about on
raid is that you can just pop in more
drives in boom you've got more capacity
so we're throwing some iron Wolf's in
there from Seagate which arnaz optimize
drives and of course you can find out
more about those at the link in the
video description and here is the one
and only James Hobson just no up
so hard right now I'm already here I'm
already hooking you guys up so this is
your office you know what I like it I
like it you got the silver play button
you got the gold play but you got the
other more different silver play button
this is absolutely incredible nobody
ever wrote about me in the paper is that
in like Russian or something the cyber
tech font apparently that's a nice rig
so not your typical gaming rig but I'm
surprised you guys even brought me out
here because this is pretty well
configured so James here aka the hack
Smith is the kind of person who can
actually utilize
a Quadro graphics card to the fullest
extent so why don't you give the brief
20 second version of what your channel
is all about for my viewers we like to
use engineering as a way to inspire kids
and adults into engineering and stem
fields and the way we do that with our
Mannion series called make it real we
take fictional ideas from comics movies
and video games and we try and make real
working prototypes so what we found is a
lot of stuff you see in the movies is
possible it's just not commercially
viable and luckily we found this kind of
cool niche on YouTube where we can
justify spending tens of thousands of
dollars building a half-scale cyber
track I want to show you the best part
of my office
sure you want to just David and I seem
to have switched places so I've got to
say your IT infrastructure is sort of
reminiscent of your projects it's like
good stuff like this tend to give it a
sous swig random heatsink glued to the
top of it feel like you're my soul mate
wow this is great you almost look cool
in Holland I know right this is my
favorite though I don't I look like
Gimli but in a good way as much as I can
respect socks and sandals look if you're
walking outside of any of these yellow
lines you need safety shoes so we just
so happen to have loner green toe caps
about there really comfortable sandals -
I am well ventilated right now sir may I
ask what the purpose of a loaded
mousetrap on a coffee table would be
like why is that there I guess is it
just like to weed out the stupids pretty
much is that this does it reverse
where's the backup camera I got this
fine I got this how fast does it go
where's the door luck oh it's even got a
folding tailgate so just open this up do
not struggle a little bit to get this
really heavy piece out move out okay so
then if I've got my little ATV yeah oh
my god you have an ATV I'm surprised
this isn't souped up it is oh it is and
the best part it's gas I have to confess
I don't understand the economics of this
channel I've been told that I'm allowed
to throw a steel ball at the window and
I cannot break it cars you want oh I
missed the window I'm taking a run at it
I want that extra seven kilometers an
hour ah yes I marked it - are you the
strongest person in the whole world
according to my daughter yes she was
helping my wife pick a password at some
point and she goes make it
daddy is big and I'm like the power fist
okay so I get to hit the side Pam that's
what he did give it a nice whack okay
you're assuming I know how to swing a
sledgehammer this cost more than a
base-model real cyber Shrek all right I
do you want to give it a little more I
think I dented it I couldn't help
noticing you guys have a ping-pong table
or should I say table tennis oh let me
guess you have a non-material that is
just your path no no these are the good
ones confession I am not actually good
at table tennis fortunately neither is
he Wow we both play like white people
this is Cal be super ride s1000 what do
I get if I ride it perfectly the first
time hunter bucks
you have to make it to the machine shop
within the L lines in the yellow lines
only yeah we should probably yeah okay
what kind of speed do you need to not
fall over about 35 all right you make
the turn the path gets skinnier Oh God
all right let's do the rest of the tour
on this thing I have to know what this
is yeah big aliens fan No
so aliens - yeah over 40 years ago oh my
god
this kid right here weighs like 2,000
pounds already what is it made of this
is something called the power loader
this is like our yellow walking forklift
neck so we're the first people to
actually design an engineer the entire
thing to actually work like it does in
the movie Wow when it's done the arms
will be able to curl 5,000 pounds each
is that why this cars here because this
is a pretty nice looking car to do that
- this is our James Bond spy car that
we're working on so it's got a
flamethrower exhaust oil slick dispenser
license plate changer this street-legal
I mean the insurance company doesn't
know about the mods so yes yes yes we're
planning on putting two jet engines of
the trunk got a Taser door handle okay
that sounds pretty nasty it's about
20,000 volts so the flame is we actually
had a meet up and we had like 50
children show up and then they started
like seeing who could hold it the
longest some kids held it for like 15
seconds do it 15 seconds the kids did ah
damn it
well I'd say that's a boat horse fence
now I'm gonna touch it no not is this
challenge number two yeah okay well you
left the tall one for me that's not
chorus okay I got this
no problem yeah okay so this has brakes
that's nice well I have to wear these
Hulk feet that's stupid
Oh God Oh God
sorry sorry sorry gonna keep peddling
though right
what's in here
okay turbine fuel with one five percent
lighter fluid expanding foam feel it
whoa that's a lot of space
oh my god it's arcing between 1650s why
boom boom
I just actually sometimes that shocks
you when you wear it so I don't know if
I actually want to do this hey I touched
the door handle don't get up
the sneaky finger this looks way worse
1650s right yeah one of them is not this
one is a cardboard tube with a metal
ball inside right
homemade gravity switch yeah hi I'm the
Human Torch wait wrong franchise why
don't you tell me about this storage
container you've got here yes this is
called the grindy box because you like
after-hours yeah yeah this is where it
says the party zone
these are RGB right okay to try and keep
the metal dust down from the rest of the
facility cool so you can close it off
and then this is after one day wow that
is something else you want ping pong but
can you win shooting hoops okay
21 I will make it that far to be
perfectly honest with you oh boy Oh
Linus got a game Oh
he plays basketball like a white guy too
this is embarrassing
I have never sunk five baskets in a row
in my life my wife is gonna watch this
she's gonna be like well see if I can do
six this is our giant steel table yep so
just say if you need to do something on
a table and you don't want to damage it
yeah yeah I have a table like that
kitchen table oh yeah got some stuff to
put in the bendy Metron and the slice
immature on slicing the truck Wow is
that a water jet plasma cutter plasma
cutter what whoa hi it can cut through
inch-and-a-half
steel plate not that we've ever tried
that catch this part
why is it off-centered no see this is
just ruined then I guess so that's
freaking awesome how do you guys make
any money I'm gonna let you pick the
next one what are we doing bro club gym
class all over again I'm wearing
steel-toed things and I'm pretty sure
those are not well I'm not gonna use my
feet sir really hold on hold on David
you didn't get my flex three two one
start that's very fast oh wow you want
to come down all the way too well
whatever I stopped it when you got to
the top you're under five seconds though
three two one oh he's not gonna make it
touch hey that's pretty good
29.6 I was on a flight yesterday I was
doing curls on the flight okay let's
play can Linus guess what everything is
so we've got our mill no we actually
have one of these that we've never used
it okay yeah cuz the shots not done yet
the thing I love about sandblasting is
it just makes everything is so nice and
even I mean when you do it good I didn't
but yeah if you guys did it I love your
drill bits by the way got giant
compensator II drill bits that was any
of the big ones got giant overcompensate
or II drill bits I am definitely getting
some screw Envy so you guys grind and
screw for days washers well yeah that's
afterward tormach CNC machine cool we've
been working with tormach for four years
this summer so they gave us this machine
and then this is a cnc lathe and we're
in the process of getting a fourth axis
1100 so that means you could machine a
ball if you wanted to and an automatic
tool changer was it intentional that you
guys put your HQ right next to a
hardware supply store no it was this
convenient okay and the cool thing is
here it is oh my god that's actually
Verona yeah like the inside so yeah it
did deter us from coming in they put a
stock well there I mean was it a problem
before they put the stuff ball there not
that I know of what's your next
challenge you might say I'm throwing
down the gauntlet
swinging rings that's just the same
thing again but horizontal well this is
no fun I didn't even practice basketball
I still beat them crap do you need help
that's cheating yeah where the other
ones go oh they're gone ah if he's
winning I'm clearly yeah it's just a
fluid movement and your run it's just a
fluid movement he says yeah you use the
momentum for your run okay basic physics
yeah ah I'm stuck I don't need the steel
toes in the lunchroom do I know even
your lunch room is probably dangerous I
see you have a ranch dressing problem
what so Facebook marketing got me and I
was convinced to try some revived
superfoods that's like it ready to go
smoothie and then they shipped me a
second order and I realized it was a
membership that I signed up for so now
we have two full month supplies that
provide superfoods this is making me a
little uncomfortable
there are a lot of mannequins in this
building like do you have a fetish well
you see all you have to do is you go to
the stores that closed down literally
every department store that's gone out
of business we've gone and bought
mannequins from they make grace great
test dummies soon yeah it's time for our
crowning achievement as a business
welcome what hacks have June
that's cheating you have this to climb
the Rope with okay but this is not our
crowning achievement come behind the
divider wall oh god is this like a
casting couch situation even better yet
this way what okay is this like a jet
massage thing wow that is amazing my ass
feels glorious right now true
Oh too low oh here's our treadmill that
shocks you as you run it talks you as
you run because that your designer is
that by and skimped out and bought it
for a hundred bucks off to Gigi so it's
just bad yeah so you know we spend lots
of money on projects this is an
excellent example we spent about thirty
thousand dollars into a project we
haven't even made a single video on
weight this is a propellor house wait
that's the other half of a propeller did
you grow up watching Inspector Gadget
cuz I did
guess how much thrust it produces 280
kilograms of thrust
I can literally pick someone up with
that much power what is this why is this
here
people like us so that's our forklift
door it's also the door would use to
lead out employees that we've terminated
oh I see here's the off-site backup now
so this is the fireproof waterproofness
that we hope these guys up with is that
they can do nightly backups in the event
of the fire which seems pretty likely
around here
uh-huh and then this is Alex's office
yeah this is the the IT office so he
told me that he wired his system up with
10-gig I asked him like he needs that
and he said because because I'm the IT
guy that's a nice thing to do this is
fun shout out to my peeps over a ton
raid they're using a single gaming rig
to run to vr gaming setups using
virtualization what's in here wow it
just worked yeah I know you're coming
soon so this is basically like what I
had when I was six except you're a
grown-ass man are you pretending like
you don't have a costume rack and then
we other hacks with merch store Hey
t-shirts this these what's on my merch -
because he's a mug I've got shirts oh
boy I use some yeah some underwear you
guys will just put your name on anything
oh yeah something to take home to the
wife that's a good picture of you this
is a pretty good picture I assumed it
was a plastic prop but that's actually
made up never oh oh God oh I had a thing
so Captain America's shield can or
cannot stop it cannot especially cuz
that's a plastic shield so I can lift
the Thanos sword
what can I lift the electromagnetic
Thor's hammer yes
Thanos sword and Thor's hammer oh it's
not a railgun paintball shooter yeah but
I'm assuming you shoot like steel balls
with it yeah this goes on the bottom to
make it a bit safer because it's Brodie
mech gun face yeah guess who sponsored
it
- what is this Spode world of warships
will wait you guys have to gold play
buttons yeah so as it turns out if you
get one you can order a second from the
YouTube player Garrick Adam II award
place oh so these are just both gold
play buttons for the same channel yeah
because I also have multiple google play
buttons but like I did it the real way
yeah you yeah you better work and that
was our final youtuber challenge I won
no hard feelings though like you said
you've only been doing this for you know
half as long as I have so there's no
shame in coming second this was so much
yeah it was great to meet you these guys
have an amazing channel guys go check
them out it's the hack smith on youtube
thanks again so much for having us it
was really nice to meet you and guys
this video is brought to you by this
plate is art you stick up on your wall
we've got over 35,000 artists from 86
countries that have contributed over
800,000 unique designs they plant a tree
for every display it's old they've
already planted over 11 million trees
and of course the best thing about this
plate is the magnetic mounting system
that means you decrease the risk of
damaging your walls and makes it super
easy to adjust them if someone bumps
them and they're crooked and you can
switch between your dis plates as
quickly as like five seconds pretty much
they offer our 100 day return policy for
a 100% refund
they've got matte and gloss finishes and
sizes and frames for your every artwork
desire
they've even got the LTTE collection use
code ltte to save 15% at the link below
thanks again for watching guys if you
enjoyed this video you might like our
other studio tours like the one we did
with mkbhd or iJustine we're gonna have
those ones linked down below bag it's a
lot of cinder blocks is that just so you
can like destroy them oh my god there's
like four more pallets back there Lana's
third hey that's not Rona's so the
previous company that was here is
something called light built concrete
and they manufactured these and they
literally disappeared one night if they
are worth what they were originally
worth when they sold them that's half a
million dollars worth of concrete
upgrading their servers and quite
frankly I felt low tech walking around
inside here this video is brought to you
guys by smartdeploy smartdeploy makes it
easy to handle daily IT tasks like
windows imaging patching up dating apps
and migrating user data you can do it
over your existing network or the cloud
without even leaving your desk get your
exclusive free offer and smartdeploy
comm slash Linus
[Music]
so far their tech infrastructure is
actually not bad Alex here has equipped
their editing stations with six core
processors GTX 1080 or better graphics
cards what they don't have is a
high-speed nest so we were here hooking
them up with this 45 drives tornado
which has a whopping 20-plus terabytes
of solid-state ten gigabit per second
storage and we've got some other treats
in store for them right now server room
looking a little sad the work server is
a thread Ripper equipped rendering
server that also access their main video
editing as right now with a single two
terabyte nvme drive in it that's why
we're replacing it and then they've got
the dungeon that's what they call their
equivalent of the vault which is just
full of hard drives for them to archive
old projects so we've brought them
another 70 terabytes of storage to
upgrade this puppy what's great about on
raid is that you can just pop in more
drives in boom you've got more capacity
so we're throwing some iron Wolf's in
there from Seagate which arnaz optimize
drives and of course you can find out
more about those at the link in the
video description and here is the one
and only James Hobson just no up
so hard right now I'm already here I'm
already hooking you guys up so this is
your office you know what I like it I
like it you got the silver play button
you got the gold play but you got the
other more different silver play button
this is absolutely incredible nobody
ever wrote about me in the paper is that
in like Russian or something the cyber
tech font apparently that's a nice rig
so not your typical gaming rig but I'm
surprised you guys even brought me out
here because this is pretty well
configured so James here aka the hack
Smith is the kind of person who can
actually utilize
a Quadro graphics card to the fullest
extent so why don't you give the brief
20 second version of what your channel
is all about for my viewers we like to
use engineering as a way to inspire kids
and adults into engineering and stem
fields and the way we do that with our
Mannion series called make it real we
take fictional ideas from comics movies
and video games and we try and make real
working prototypes so what we found is a
lot of stuff you see in the movies is
possible it's just not commercially
viable and luckily we found this kind of
cool niche on YouTube where we can
justify spending tens of thousands of
dollars building a half-scale cyber
track I want to show you the best part
of my office
sure you want to just David and I seem
to have switched places so I've got to
say your IT infrastructure is sort of
reminiscent of your projects it's like
good stuff like this tend to give it a
sous swig random heatsink glued to the
top of it feel like you're my soul mate
wow this is great you almost look cool
in Holland I know right this is my
favorite though I don't I look like
Gimli but in a good way as much as I can
respect socks and sandals look if you're
walking outside of any of these yellow
lines you need safety shoes so we just
so happen to have loner green toe caps
about there really comfortable sandals -
I am well ventilated right now sir may I
ask what the purpose of a loaded
mousetrap on a coffee table would be
like why is that there I guess is it
just like to weed out the stupids pretty
much is that this does it reverse
where's the backup camera I got this
fine I got this how fast does it go
where's the door luck oh it's even got a
folding tailgate so just open this up do
not struggle a little bit to get this
really heavy piece out move out okay so
then if I've got my little ATV yeah oh
my god you have an ATV I'm surprised
this isn't souped up it is oh it is and
the best part it's gas I have to confess
I don't understand the economics of this
channel I've been told that I'm allowed
to throw a steel ball at the window and
I cannot break it cars you want oh I
missed the window I'm taking a run at it
I want that extra seven kilometers an
hour ah yes I marked it - are you the
strongest person in the whole world
according to my daughter yes she was
helping my wife pick a password at some
point and she goes make it
daddy is big and I'm like the power fist
okay so I get to hit the side Pam that's
what he did give it a nice whack okay
you're assuming I know how to swing a
sledgehammer this cost more than a
base-model real cyber Shrek all right I
do you want to give it a little more I
think I dented it I couldn't help
noticing you guys have a ping-pong table
or should I say table tennis oh let me
guess you have a non-material that is
just your path no no these are the good
ones confession I am not actually good
at table tennis fortunately neither is
he Wow we both play like white people
this is Cal be super ride s1000 what do
I get if I ride it perfectly the first
time hunter bucks
you have to make it to the machine shop
within the L lines in the yellow lines
only yeah we should probably yeah okay
what kind of speed do you need to not
fall over about 35 all right you make
the turn the path gets skinnier Oh God
all right let's do the rest of the tour
on this thing I have to know what this
is yeah big aliens fan No
so aliens - yeah over 40 years ago oh my
god
this kid right here weighs like 2,000
pounds already what is it made of this
is something called the power loader
this is like our yellow walking forklift
neck so we're the first people to
actually design an engineer the entire
thing to actually work like it does in
the movie Wow when it's done the arms
will be able to curl 5,000 pounds each
is that why this cars here because this
is a pretty nice looking car to do that
- this is our James Bond spy car that
we're working on so it's got a
flamethrower exhaust oil slick dispenser
license plate changer this street-legal
I mean the insurance company doesn't
know about the mods so yes yes yes we're
planning on putting two jet engines of
the trunk got a Taser door handle okay
that sounds pretty nasty it's about
20,000 volts so the flame is we actually
had a meet up and we had like 50
children show up and then they started
like seeing who could hold it the
longest some kids held it for like 15
seconds do it 15 seconds the kids did ah
damn it
well I'd say that's a boat horse fence
now I'm gonna touch it no not is this
challenge number two yeah okay well you
left the tall one for me that's not
chorus okay I got this
no problem yeah okay so this has brakes
that's nice well I have to wear these
Hulk feet that's stupid
Oh God Oh God
sorry sorry sorry gonna keep peddling
though right
what's in here
okay turbine fuel with one five percent
lighter fluid expanding foam feel it
whoa that's a lot of space
oh my god it's arcing between 1650s why
boom boom
I just actually sometimes that shocks
you when you wear it so I don't know if
I actually want to do this hey I touched
the door handle don't get up
the sneaky finger this looks way worse
1650s right yeah one of them is not this
one is a cardboard tube with a metal
ball inside right
homemade gravity switch yeah hi I'm the
Human Torch wait wrong franchise why
don't you tell me about this storage
container you've got here yes this is
called the grindy box because you like
after-hours yeah yeah this is where it
says the party zone
these are RGB right okay to try and keep
the metal dust down from the rest of the
facility cool so you can close it off
and then this is after one day wow that
is something else you want ping pong but
can you win shooting hoops okay
21 I will make it that far to be
perfectly honest with you oh boy Oh
Linus got a game Oh
he plays basketball like a white guy too
this is embarrassing
I have never sunk five baskets in a row
in my life my wife is gonna watch this
she's gonna be like well see if I can do
six this is our giant steel table yep so
just say if you need to do something on
a table and you don't want to damage it
yeah yeah I have a table like that
kitchen table oh yeah got some stuff to
put in the bendy Metron and the slice
immature on slicing the truck Wow is
that a water jet plasma cutter plasma
cutter what whoa hi it can cut through
inch-and-a-half
steel plate not that we've ever tried
that catch this part
why is it off-centered no see this is
just ruined then I guess so that's
freaking awesome how do you guys make
any money I'm gonna let you pick the
next one what are we doing bro club gym
class all over again I'm wearing
steel-toed things and I'm pretty sure
those are not well I'm not gonna use my
feet sir really hold on hold on David
you didn't get my flex three two one
start that's very fast oh wow you want
to come down all the way too well
whatever I stopped it when you got to
the top you're under five seconds though
three two one oh he's not gonna make it
touch hey that's pretty good
29.6 I was on a flight yesterday I was
doing curls on the flight okay let's
play can Linus guess what everything is
so we've got our mill no we actually
have one of these that we've never used
it okay yeah cuz the shots not done yet
the thing I love about sandblasting is
it just makes everything is so nice and
even I mean when you do it good I didn't
but yeah if you guys did it I love your
drill bits by the way got giant
compensator II drill bits that was any
of the big ones got giant overcompensate
or II drill bits I am definitely getting
some screw Envy so you guys grind and
screw for days washers well yeah that's
afterward tormach CNC machine cool we've
been working with tormach for four years
this summer so they gave us this machine
and then this is a cnc lathe and we're
in the process of getting a fourth axis
1100 so that means you could machine a
ball if you wanted to and an automatic
tool changer was it intentional that you
guys put your HQ right next to a
hardware supply store no it was this
convenient okay and the cool thing is
here it is oh my god that's actually
Verona yeah like the inside so yeah it
did deter us from coming in they put a
stock well there I mean was it a problem
before they put the stuff ball there not
that I know of what's your next
challenge you might say I'm throwing
down the gauntlet
swinging rings that's just the same
thing again but horizontal well this is
no fun I didn't even practice basketball
I still beat them crap do you need help
that's cheating yeah where the other
ones go oh they're gone ah if he's
winning I'm clearly yeah it's just a
fluid movement and your run it's just a
fluid movement he says yeah you use the
momentum for your run okay basic physics
yeah ah I'm stuck I don't need the steel
toes in the lunchroom do I know even
your lunch room is probably dangerous I
see you have a ranch dressing problem
what so Facebook marketing got me and I
was convinced to try some revived
superfoods that's like it ready to go
smoothie and then they shipped me a
second order and I realized it was a
membership that I signed up for so now
we have two full month supplies that
provide superfoods this is making me a
little uncomfortable
there are a lot of mannequins in this
building like do you have a fetish well
you see all you have to do is you go to
the stores that closed down literally
every department store that's gone out
of business we've gone and bought
mannequins from they make grace great
test dummies soon yeah it's time for our
crowning achievement as a business
welcome what hacks have June
that's cheating you have this to climb
the Rope with okay but this is not our
crowning achievement come behind the
divider wall oh god is this like a
casting couch situation even better yet
this way what okay is this like a jet
massage thing wow that is amazing my ass
feels glorious right now true
Oh too low oh here's our treadmill that
shocks you as you run it talks you as
you run because that your designer is
that by and skimped out and bought it
for a hundred bucks off to Gigi so it's
just bad yeah so you know we spend lots
of money on projects this is an
excellent example we spent about thirty
thousand dollars into a project we
haven't even made a single video on
weight this is a propellor house wait
that's the other half of a propeller did
you grow up watching Inspector Gadget
cuz I did
guess how much thrust it produces 280
kilograms of thrust
I can literally pick someone up with
that much power what is this why is this
here
people like us so that's our forklift
door it's also the door would use to
lead out employees that we've terminated
oh I see here's the off-site backup now
so this is the fireproof waterproofness
that we hope these guys up with is that
they can do nightly backups in the event
of the fire which seems pretty likely
around here
uh-huh and then this is Alex's office
yeah this is the the IT office so he
told me that he wired his system up with
10-gig I asked him like he needs that
and he said because because I'm the IT
guy that's a nice thing to do this is
fun shout out to my peeps over a ton
raid they're using a single gaming rig
to run to vr gaming setups using
virtualization what's in here wow it
just worked yeah I know you're coming
soon so this is basically like what I
had when I was six except you're a
grown-ass man are you pretending like
you don't have a costume rack and then
we other hacks with merch store Hey
t-shirts this these what's on my merch -
because he's a mug I've got shirts oh
boy I use some yeah some underwear you
guys will just put your name on anything
oh yeah something to take home to the
wife that's a good picture of you this
is a pretty good picture I assumed it
was a plastic prop but that's actually
made up never oh oh God oh I had a thing
so Captain America's shield can or
cannot stop it cannot especially cuz
that's a plastic shield so I can lift
the Thanos sword
what can I lift the electromagnetic
Thor's hammer yes
Thanos sword and Thor's hammer oh it's
not a railgun paintball shooter yeah but
I'm assuming you shoot like steel balls
with it yeah this goes on the bottom to
make it a bit safer because it's Brodie
mech gun face yeah guess who sponsored
it
- what is this Spode world of warships
will wait you guys have to gold play
buttons yeah so as it turns out if you
get one you can order a second from the
YouTube player Garrick Adam II award
place oh so these are just both gold
play buttons for the same channel yeah
because I also have multiple google play
buttons but like I did it the real way
yeah you yeah you better work and that
was our final youtuber challenge I won
no hard feelings though like you said
you've only been doing this for you know
half as long as I have so there's no
shame in coming second this was so much
yeah it was great to meet you these guys
have an amazing channel guys go check
them out it's the hack smith on youtube
thanks again so much for having us it
was really nice to meet you and guys
this video is brought to you by this
plate is art you stick up on your wall
we've got over 35,000 artists from 86
countries that have contributed over
800,000 unique designs they plant a tree
for every display it's old they've
already planted over 11 million trees
and of course the best thing about this
plate is the magnetic mounting system
that means you decrease the risk of
damaging your walls and makes it super
easy to adjust them if someone bumps
them and they're crooked and you can
switch between your dis plates as
quickly as like five seconds pretty much
they offer our 100 day return policy for
a 100% refund
they've got matte and gloss finishes and
sizes and frames for your every artwork
desire
they've even got the LTTE collection use
code ltte to save 15% at the link below
thanks again for watching guys if you
enjoyed this video you might like our
other studio tours like the one we did
with mkbhd or iJustine we're gonna have
those ones linked down below bag it's a
lot of cinder blocks is that just so you
can like destroy them oh my god there's
like four more pallets back there Lana's
third hey that's not Rona's so the
previous company that was here is
something called light built concrete
and they manufactured these and they
literally disappeared one night if they
are worth what they were originally
worth when they sold them that's half a
million dollars worth of concrete
to bring the power of the enterprise
data center onto a screen the size of
your TV your computer or even your phone
but with so many services out there
claiming to do basically the same thing
which one delivers the best experience
to answer that question we brought a
filthy casual and a seasoned casual who
could probably also stand to take a
shower what are you saying I'm saying
that I'm a little bit more sensitive to
latency than you and I'm filthy no
you're not filthy I just but I stink
like you private Internet access has
fast multi gigabit VPN tunnel gateways
worldwide so if you're looking for a VPN
you can learn more about PIAA at the
link below
[Music]
you know what this is remote control for
what the shield Nvidia shield because
that's the only way that you can use
GeForce now on a TV we're gonna start
with GeForce now because I think it's
the simplest okay
you have games that you own and you want
to play them elsewhere perfect and this
time you don't have a computer you may
not have a gaming computer but you need
to have a computer okay you just pay in
the video for the privilege of being
able to play anywhere or you don't pay
there's a free tier and if you do pay
it's only five bucks a month okay we're
using an Nvidia shield with an Xbox one
controller but what's cool about GeForce
now is the compatibility is pretty broad
so I could use any other supported
Bluetooth controller like a shield one
or a Playstation one and they've got ups
for PC Mac and Android not iOS at this
time due to apple's restrictive games
app licensing risk everything everything
so i'll open up in video games and so
here's my library yeah it's weird though
there's no geforce now app but here we
are it basically works by making you a
gaming rig on their servers like that
you access from the cloud so it doesn't
matter if your game comes from Steam or
you play you install it to that virtual
gaming rig and then you play it here
this is cool so if I didn't know I would
think that I'm just looking at steam big
picture right now now there is a caveat
when it comes to game compatibility and
that's if the publisher or the developer
has specifically blacklisted the game
from running on GeForce now it won't
work as for why they're doing this the
justification is a really interesting
article from a smaller dev that was
saying well we need to maintain control
over how people are licensing and using
our games it's like yeah but d-force now
is the closest thing to just a gaming
rig that happens to be somewhere else
that you bought a game and are playing
on so I think that justification is
pretty weak and they're just trying to
milk more money from gamers the thing
that's frustrating is there's no
definitive list of what games are
available for GeForce now so your
mileage may vary destiny 2 though is
available Wow that installed really fast
I guess they've just got some funky data
century yeah all the files are going now
boys cache cache cat oh that's funny
look we've got little minimize
Destinee 2 in steam things this just it
is just like gaming on a PC wow this is
some this is some a plus console porting
right here ok well we can't change our
resolution is this not a 4k TV
that's a 4k TV it's that GeForce now
doesn't do anything about 1080 at 60
during the beta they had after 120 and I
think it was even unlocked for a while
but since the launch 60 Hertz is as fast
as it goes
unless you're gaming at 720 in which
case you get 120 Hertz yeah we're not
doing that
ok so let's walk around a bit this is
very 1080p doesn't even look especially
anti aliased so they're not giving us a
ton of GPU resources image quality wise
though from TV distance I'm not seeing
any blocking or artifacts or anything
that would stand out to me and say hey
this is being streamed over your
internet connection looks pretty darn
good
we do have really bad ass internet
that's a fair point
you know when I noticed the latency
though is not when I just look around
like this but if I'm moving in a circle
I can tell my circle this is a touch
behind I would go as far as to say that
90 to 95% of people wouldn't even notice
it though and I don't notice the delay
as much when I start to turn as I do
when I stop to turn it's almost like it
snaps to stop when you stop to turn well
you're on see watch so if I turn like
when I stop it's like laughing
I might just beat this game though I
have enjoyed this game we can try only
we had a little bit of trouble pairing a
second controller via bluetooth for some
reason but just plugging a second one in
via USB with no drivers and no setup
whatsoever has a local multiplayer
gaming so that's pretty cool I just blew
you up it's so obvious played this it's
weird to me how it just mixes in your
game stream games which are on that PC
over there and your GeForce now games
which are on a PC somewhere I mean if
you have a good enough upload and you're
not traveling too far I don't see any
compelling reason why GeForce now would
be any better than just using game
stream off your gaming rig I mean that's
a pretty compelling use case for these
services to me is for someone who only
owns
like a laptop like an LG gram or
something like this so they could buy PC
games but they don't have the horses to
run them no this is a way to have those
okay tell me this would you get the paid
version for five bucks month or stick
with free so what's the difference well
with free you have only one hour session
links and it keeps you out
that's horrible that would suck that
could still happen with a paid version
but your session length is six hours I
think six hours is a very reasonable
length of time to be gaming at once but
after six hours we get kicked out you
can just join another session and
because you're a paid person you get put
at the front of the queue for getting a
virtual right so if you're a free player
you might not even be able to log in at
a given time plus you're not gonna have
r-tx on overall feels and looks pretty
darn good
my poor team I'm sorry Tina do you think
it's fair to call g-force now the PC
gamers streaming service
there's no exclusives you're just
playing PC games on a PC somewhere else
definitely
but what service would be for the
opposite person stadia you don't own a
computer or any games you sign up and
you buy every game you want to play do I
have to use this controller oh that's a
loaded question if you're playing on
your TV you have to use this controller
if you're playing on your phone or
browser you can use other controllers
but right now you can only buy stadia by
buying the bundle that comes with the
controller okay so you've got to own one
but you don't have to use it but that
could be changing soon because they're
coming out with a free tier so we're on
the pro tier well I can already tell the
frame rate is chugging just in the menu
here look at that that's 30 FPS isn't it
so we had to buy destiny 2 for this with
a bundle that it came with destiny was
included ok cool there actually is a
handful of free games you can see that
frame rate right that was grody
but HDR immediately kicked in the
frustrating thing for me as a PC gamer
who's accustomed to owning my games with
a personal license as opposed to a per
device license is that then I could
potentially end up buying games twice
well that's why stadia is so good for
people who don't have any games
I see but then would you really
recommend using a service where you
don't have any games and then when you
buy a bunch of games you still don't
have any games hey at least you can play
them on your phone and in your browser
and on your TV ok and when you're
playing on a TV you well that looks way
worse but is that just because the game
is HDR and they did a bad job I don't
even think so I kind of doubt that
let's give it a sec to see if it kind of
wakes up a little bit here it's the
blacks that look the most different to
me
they're absolutely crushed there's no
detail left in them this is like a
simulated iris where you're looking at
something dark so you get more detail
and it blows out what's behind it and
then you look at something bright and
you lose all the detail and what's right
in front of you so I'll try not to blame
too much of that on stadia specifically
at this time one thing I can blame on
stadia is that it looks like they're
taking a pretty aggressive approach to
anti-aliasing that is making everything
look a little soft on GeForce now you
could really see a lot of stair stepping
and things like these trees and the
grass and the flowers and here the grass
just looks like it's smudged I'm getting
the same snapping when I stopped looking
it kind of feels a little weird if I had
to guess I'd say the latency is very
similar to g-force now or perhaps odd
touch higher higher as in worse
it's the continuous inputs where i feel
the gel enos quite a bit more when I'm
moving the crosshair around and trying
to track something as opposed to when I
jump or when I turn
yeah that's counterintuitive I would
have thought that those snappier
movements would make it more apparent
one thing to know is when you do buy
games on stadia sometimes they're more
expensive than other places you can buy
that same game like Amazon or the same
store well that is the problem with
closed ecosystems like it's just like on
the switch a lot of the time it's more
expensive to buy the same game for a
Nintendo switch I definitely like
g-force now as game licensing schema
better as a consumer but I can see why
developers would be super into this one
yeah no kidding there's also no
exclusives on GeForce now but they do
plan to have exclusives on stadia am I
gonna care about them give them time hey
if Google doesn't cut this program like
they do all their other ones may be
lined up being good someday okay I'm
gonna be right pick you the other guy oh
I don't know this bird guy well I figure
out what the controls are oh you have a
sword why would you kick him what's he
doing now
okay sure fire that's my sword you can
wow you can lose your sword well that
sucks
that's crazy time to mash pick it up
pick that damn sword oh how to maybe ask
the Google assistant pick up my sword no
I want to win conclusion game looks
pretty good no no complaints there and
whatever issues we were having with the
menu before the games are definitely
running at 60fps okay is there anything
else we need to say about stadia it's
like kind of done actually oh the game
library is the why you wouldn't play
there's only like 40 games we didn't
even get that far and I already figured
out why I wouldn't use it
oh ouch next up get into the console
realm alright so we could use either of
those other services but instead we're
gonna use Project X cloud
preview preview previous is not launched
and for that reason is kind of seems
like the best right because the
expectations are just lower hey stadia
seem pretty awesome too before actually
launched yeah and g-force now seemed
awesome before the developers ripped all
the games cuz it became a paid service
alright so obviously I'm gonna want a
controller for this so is this
PlayStation controller already paired
yeah okay and we'll note that it's a
playstation controller oh ok why just to
show that you can oh I see you play halo
with a dual shot okay so we should do
that immediately then so for now it's
the slowest rocket ship ever sorry I'm
late I was gonna say it's on Android
only oh actually technically it is on
iOS but through test flight so it's only
one game Master Chief collection and
it's limited because
flight has a maximum of like 10,000
users but if you can get invited to this
Xbox Preview thing you can just play
Xbox games for free you don't have to
own them you don't even have to have an
Xbox Wow
you just get to play Halo and other
games on your phone we're on different
part of the songs wow it's kind of eenie
meenie eyestrain Oh vision when you're
playing these games on a phone that I
really are not designed to be played on
a phone all right let's do this
coming in hot all right how's the
smoothness here a little bit
Oh a little bit of tearing there a
little bit of stutter oh well a little
bit of blocking I can even tell on the
phone
and this is 60 FPS but I've definitely
seen some jerkiness with that said like
the other gaming services I'm not
noticing like a huge latency problem I
mean I'm not winning these fights but as
a casual controller player that's not
the difference maker for me and this is
over Wi-Fi - oh that's another thing to
consider as we're on Wi-Fi so I can't
even entirely blame project X cloud for
it
so controller compatibility seems like a
plus
what about platform compatibility I
noticed we're not on the TV right now
well you're playing the preview so
they're starting with Android another
thing we don't know is how this is gonna
integrate with Xbox games past well we
know for sure is that it won't be like
Nvidia service where they're at the
mercy of game developers that they have
no control over to determine what's
going to be on the platform and what's
not that's right at the very least they
have their already existing library of
100 or 200 games yeah from Xbox to do
stuff how do I throw a granade luck
trigger oh no good heavens no why did we
use a PC specifically for PlayStation
now because it's only PlayStation and PC
there's no mobile element to it or oh I
see and it's this subscription-based it
looks like there's a lot of games in
here it's a subscription this actually
has the biggest library of games over
800 games Wow on PlayStation two three
and four
that's freaking awesome no this is the
oldest service it came out like in 2014
or something it's almost overwhelming to
have this
many options although obviously I mean
that like in a good way
sitting this close to it already puts
PlayStation now in a bit of a
disadvantage well if you want to play it
on your TV then just play PlayStation
that's fair that's cool so they're not
gonna fix the game for you by changing
the button labels but at least they give
you a warning your subs your manner yeah
it's one of the characters I recognize
because I haven't played a Mortal Kombat
games since I was a kid yeah but you
should still know all of them from
childhood I don't know can she can she
came a little I don't know Aaron black
he's a new her I don't know her Mac I
don't know Kotal Kahn he's newer
reptiles although I don't hate it more
obviously you know the 720p only Ness of
it actually doesn't look that horrible
what if you were on a brighter map do
you think that would make a difference
mmm
I kind of doubt it because you sitting
this close you're gonna see a lot of the
the blockiness anyway and they really
don't look that different from each
other the maps blockiness and low
resolution oh I see
no latency complaints once again all the
services have performed pretty darn well
at least on our Internet to be clear I'm
not saying 720p is ideal it definitely
is blurrier I'm just saying it's not
that different from if it was blurry
because of you know low bitrate video
streaming okay button mashing time yes
Mr Freeze oh shoot Oh mr. lightning no
come on all I need is one more button
mashing sequence that works oh and I'm
dead so what do you think you think it's
hard to choose which service to use or
do you think it's pretty clear you're an
Xbox user got next I for PlayStation
user yes now no I think it's pretty
clear but not for that reason I would
just choose it based on the games that I
want to play because at the end of the
day isn't that what this is about
they're all using similar in technology
to accomplish a similar thing as far as
regional differences go you know like
whose data center is closer to you the
only way that you're gonna know for sure
how that works out for you is to just
try them but for us all of them are
basically equal as far as that goes
so it's
just come down to what games I want to
play for now PlayStation now is looking
like the big winner in that regard with
all those titles and and all-you-can-eat
style but cost-wise
it's higher than something like geforce
now which might be great if you already
have a large library of games where the
developers haven't decided to put
restrictive licensing terms in place to
prevent Nvidia from allowing them to
work and who knows how awesome Excel is
gonna be when it's fully implemented
sometime does PlayStation now have a
browser version no ok well that's kind
of a bummer does it have a Mac client ID
no I don't think so
so there's your answer then whatever
games you want to play and whether
there's a working client for whatever
platform you have available to you
speaking of working clients I'm the
client working on this message for our
sponsor this plate is art you stick up
on your wall we've got over 35,000
artists from 86 countries that have
contributed over 800,000 unique designs
they plant a tree for every display it's
old they've already planted over 11
million trees and of course the best
thing about this plate is the magnetic
mounting system that means you decrease
the risk of damaging your walls and
makes it super easy to adjust them if
someone bumps them and they're crooked
and you can switch between your dis
plates as quickly as like five seconds
pretty much they offer a 100 day return
policy for a 100% refund
they've got matte and gloss finishes and
sizes and frames for your every artwork
desire
they've even got the LTTE collection use
code ltte to save 15% at the link below
so thanks for watching guys if you
enjoyed this video maybe check out the
video I did on g-force now back when it
was data like two or three years ago
comparing latency on a local machine on
the local network with a wire on the
local network with Wireless and with
g-force now from a remote server it's
pretty interesting
to bring the power of the enterprise
data center onto a screen the size of
your TV your computer or even your phone
but with so many services out there
claiming to do basically the same thing
which one delivers the best experience
to answer that question we brought a
filthy casual and a seasoned casual who
could probably also stand to take a
shower what are you saying I'm saying
that I'm a little bit more sensitive to
latency than you and I'm filthy no
you're not filthy I just but I stink
like you private Internet access has
fast multi gigabit VPN tunnel gateways
worldwide so if you're looking for a VPN
you can learn more about PIAA at the
link below
[Music]
you know what this is remote control for
what the shield Nvidia shield because
that's the only way that you can use
GeForce now on a TV we're gonna start
with GeForce now because I think it's
the simplest okay
you have games that you own and you want
to play them elsewhere perfect and this
time you don't have a computer you may
not have a gaming computer but you need
to have a computer okay you just pay in
the video for the privilege of being
able to play anywhere or you don't pay
there's a free tier and if you do pay
it's only five bucks a month okay we're
using an Nvidia shield with an Xbox one
controller but what's cool about GeForce
now is the compatibility is pretty broad
so I could use any other supported
Bluetooth controller like a shield one
or a Playstation one and they've got ups
for PC Mac and Android not iOS at this
time due to apple's restrictive games
app licensing risk everything everything
so i'll open up in video games and so
here's my library yeah it's weird though
there's no geforce now app but here we
are it basically works by making you a
gaming rig on their servers like that
you access from the cloud so it doesn't
matter if your game comes from Steam or
you play you install it to that virtual
gaming rig and then you play it here
this is cool so if I didn't know I would
think that I'm just looking at steam big
picture right now now there is a caveat
when it comes to game compatibility and
that's if the publisher or the developer
has specifically blacklisted the game
from running on GeForce now it won't
work as for why they're doing this the
justification is a really interesting
article from a smaller dev that was
saying well we need to maintain control
over how people are licensing and using
our games it's like yeah but d-force now
is the closest thing to just a gaming
rig that happens to be somewhere else
that you bought a game and are playing
on so I think that justification is
pretty weak and they're just trying to
milk more money from gamers the thing
that's frustrating is there's no
definitive list of what games are
available for GeForce now so your
mileage may vary destiny 2 though is
available Wow that installed really fast
I guess they've just got some funky data
century yeah all the files are going now
boys cache cache cat oh that's funny
look we've got little minimize
Destinee 2 in steam things this just it
is just like gaming on a PC wow this is
some this is some a plus console porting
right here ok well we can't change our
resolution is this not a 4k TV
that's a 4k TV it's that GeForce now
doesn't do anything about 1080 at 60
during the beta they had after 120 and I
think it was even unlocked for a while
but since the launch 60 Hertz is as fast
as it goes
unless you're gaming at 720 in which
case you get 120 Hertz yeah we're not
doing that
ok so let's walk around a bit this is
very 1080p doesn't even look especially
anti aliased so they're not giving us a
ton of GPU resources image quality wise
though from TV distance I'm not seeing
any blocking or artifacts or anything
that would stand out to me and say hey
this is being streamed over your
internet connection looks pretty darn
good
we do have really bad ass internet
that's a fair point
you know when I noticed the latency
though is not when I just look around
like this but if I'm moving in a circle
I can tell my circle this is a touch
behind I would go as far as to say that
90 to 95% of people wouldn't even notice
it though and I don't notice the delay
as much when I start to turn as I do
when I stop to turn it's almost like it
snaps to stop when you stop to turn well
you're on see watch so if I turn like
when I stop it's like laughing
I might just beat this game though I
have enjoyed this game we can try only
we had a little bit of trouble pairing a
second controller via bluetooth for some
reason but just plugging a second one in
via USB with no drivers and no setup
whatsoever has a local multiplayer
gaming so that's pretty cool I just blew
you up it's so obvious played this it's
weird to me how it just mixes in your
game stream games which are on that PC
over there and your GeForce now games
which are on a PC somewhere I mean if
you have a good enough upload and you're
not traveling too far I don't see any
compelling reason why GeForce now would
be any better than just using game
stream off your gaming rig I mean that's
a pretty compelling use case for these
services to me is for someone who only
owns
like a laptop like an LG gram or
something like this so they could buy PC
games but they don't have the horses to
run them no this is a way to have those
okay tell me this would you get the paid
version for five bucks month or stick
with free so what's the difference well
with free you have only one hour session
links and it keeps you out
that's horrible that would suck that
could still happen with a paid version
but your session length is six hours I
think six hours is a very reasonable
length of time to be gaming at once but
after six hours we get kicked out you
can just join another session and
because you're a paid person you get put
at the front of the queue for getting a
virtual right so if you're a free player
you might not even be able to log in at
a given time plus you're not gonna have
r-tx on overall feels and looks pretty
darn good
my poor team I'm sorry Tina do you think
it's fair to call g-force now the PC
gamers streaming service
there's no exclusives you're just
playing PC games on a PC somewhere else
definitely
but what service would be for the
opposite person stadia you don't own a
computer or any games you sign up and
you buy every game you want to play do I
have to use this controller oh that's a
loaded question if you're playing on
your TV you have to use this controller
if you're playing on your phone or
browser you can use other controllers
but right now you can only buy stadia by
buying the bundle that comes with the
controller okay so you've got to own one
but you don't have to use it but that
could be changing soon because they're
coming out with a free tier so we're on
the pro tier well I can already tell the
frame rate is chugging just in the menu
here look at that that's 30 FPS isn't it
so we had to buy destiny 2 for this with
a bundle that it came with destiny was
included ok cool there actually is a
handful of free games you can see that
frame rate right that was grody
but HDR immediately kicked in the
frustrating thing for me as a PC gamer
who's accustomed to owning my games with
a personal license as opposed to a per
device license is that then I could
potentially end up buying games twice
well that's why stadia is so good for
people who don't have any games
I see but then would you really
recommend using a service where you
don't have any games and then when you
buy a bunch of games you still don't
have any games hey at least you can play
them on your phone and in your browser
and on your TV ok and when you're
playing on a TV you well that looks way
worse but is that just because the game
is HDR and they did a bad job I don't
even think so I kind of doubt that
let's give it a sec to see if it kind of
wakes up a little bit here it's the
blacks that look the most different to
me
they're absolutely crushed there's no
detail left in them this is like a
simulated iris where you're looking at
something dark so you get more detail
and it blows out what's behind it and
then you look at something bright and
you lose all the detail and what's right
in front of you so I'll try not to blame
too much of that on stadia specifically
at this time one thing I can blame on
stadia is that it looks like they're
taking a pretty aggressive approach to
anti-aliasing that is making everything
look a little soft on GeForce now you
could really see a lot of stair stepping
and things like these trees and the
grass and the flowers and here the grass
just looks like it's smudged I'm getting
the same snapping when I stopped looking
it kind of feels a little weird if I had
to guess I'd say the latency is very
similar to g-force now or perhaps odd
touch higher higher as in worse
it's the continuous inputs where i feel
the gel enos quite a bit more when I'm
moving the crosshair around and trying
to track something as opposed to when I
jump or when I turn
yeah that's counterintuitive I would
have thought that those snappier
movements would make it more apparent
one thing to know is when you do buy
games on stadia sometimes they're more
expensive than other places you can buy
that same game like Amazon or the same
store well that is the problem with
closed ecosystems like it's just like on
the switch a lot of the time it's more
expensive to buy the same game for a
Nintendo switch I definitely like
g-force now as game licensing schema
better as a consumer but I can see why
developers would be super into this one
yeah no kidding there's also no
exclusives on GeForce now but they do
plan to have exclusives on stadia am I
gonna care about them give them time hey
if Google doesn't cut this program like
they do all their other ones may be
lined up being good someday okay I'm
gonna be right pick you the other guy oh
I don't know this bird guy well I figure
out what the controls are oh you have a
sword why would you kick him what's he
doing now
okay sure fire that's my sword you can
wow you can lose your sword well that
sucks
that's crazy time to mash pick it up
pick that damn sword oh how to maybe ask
the Google assistant pick up my sword no
I want to win conclusion game looks
pretty good no no complaints there and
whatever issues we were having with the
menu before the games are definitely
running at 60fps okay is there anything
else we need to say about stadia it's
like kind of done actually oh the game
library is the why you wouldn't play
there's only like 40 games we didn't
even get that far and I already figured
out why I wouldn't use it
oh ouch next up get into the console
realm alright so we could use either of
those other services but instead we're
gonna use Project X cloud
preview preview previous is not launched
and for that reason is kind of seems
like the best right because the
expectations are just lower hey stadia
seem pretty awesome too before actually
launched yeah and g-force now seemed
awesome before the developers ripped all
the games cuz it became a paid service
alright so obviously I'm gonna want a
controller for this so is this
PlayStation controller already paired
yeah okay and we'll note that it's a
playstation controller oh ok why just to
show that you can oh I see you play halo
with a dual shot okay so we should do
that immediately then so for now it's
the slowest rocket ship ever sorry I'm
late I was gonna say it's on Android
only oh actually technically it is on
iOS but through test flight so it's only
one game Master Chief collection and
it's limited because
flight has a maximum of like 10,000
users but if you can get invited to this
Xbox Preview thing you can just play
Xbox games for free you don't have to
own them you don't even have to have an
Xbox Wow
you just get to play Halo and other
games on your phone we're on different
part of the songs wow it's kind of eenie
meenie eyestrain Oh vision when you're
playing these games on a phone that I
really are not designed to be played on
a phone all right let's do this
coming in hot all right how's the
smoothness here a little bit
Oh a little bit of tearing there a
little bit of stutter oh well a little
bit of blocking I can even tell on the
phone
and this is 60 FPS but I've definitely
seen some jerkiness with that said like
the other gaming services I'm not
noticing like a huge latency problem I
mean I'm not winning these fights but as
a casual controller player that's not
the difference maker for me and this is
over Wi-Fi - oh that's another thing to
consider as we're on Wi-Fi so I can't
even entirely blame project X cloud for
it
so controller compatibility seems like a
plus
what about platform compatibility I
noticed we're not on the TV right now
well you're playing the preview so
they're starting with Android another
thing we don't know is how this is gonna
integrate with Xbox games past well we
know for sure is that it won't be like
Nvidia service where they're at the
mercy of game developers that they have
no control over to determine what's
going to be on the platform and what's
not that's right at the very least they
have their already existing library of
100 or 200 games yeah from Xbox to do
stuff how do I throw a granade luck
trigger oh no good heavens no why did we
use a PC specifically for PlayStation
now because it's only PlayStation and PC
there's no mobile element to it or oh I
see and it's this subscription-based it
looks like there's a lot of games in
here it's a subscription this actually
has the biggest library of games over
800 games Wow on PlayStation two three
and four
that's freaking awesome no this is the
oldest service it came out like in 2014
or something it's almost overwhelming to
have this
many options although obviously I mean
that like in a good way
sitting this close to it already puts
PlayStation now in a bit of a
disadvantage well if you want to play it
on your TV then just play PlayStation
that's fair that's cool so they're not
gonna fix the game for you by changing
the button labels but at least they give
you a warning your subs your manner yeah
it's one of the characters I recognize
because I haven't played a Mortal Kombat
games since I was a kid yeah but you
should still know all of them from
childhood I don't know can she can she
came a little I don't know Aaron black
he's a new her I don't know her Mac I
don't know Kotal Kahn he's newer
reptiles although I don't hate it more
obviously you know the 720p only Ness of
it actually doesn't look that horrible
what if you were on a brighter map do
you think that would make a difference
mmm
I kind of doubt it because you sitting
this close you're gonna see a lot of the
the blockiness anyway and they really
don't look that different from each
other the maps blockiness and low
resolution oh I see
no latency complaints once again all the
services have performed pretty darn well
at least on our Internet to be clear I'm
not saying 720p is ideal it definitely
is blurrier I'm just saying it's not
that different from if it was blurry
because of you know low bitrate video
streaming okay button mashing time yes
Mr Freeze oh shoot Oh mr. lightning no
come on all I need is one more button
mashing sequence that works oh and I'm
dead so what do you think you think it's
hard to choose which service to use or
do you think it's pretty clear you're an
Xbox user got next I for PlayStation
user yes now no I think it's pretty
clear but not for that reason I would
just choose it based on the games that I
want to play because at the end of the
day isn't that what this is about
they're all using similar in technology
to accomplish a similar thing as far as
regional differences go you know like
whose data center is closer to you the
only way that you're gonna know for sure
how that works out for you is to just
try them but for us all of them are
basically equal as far as that goes
so it's
just come down to what games I want to
play for now PlayStation now is looking
like the big winner in that regard with
all those titles and and all-you-can-eat
style but cost-wise
it's higher than something like geforce
now which might be great if you already
have a large library of games where the
developers haven't decided to put
restrictive licensing terms in place to
prevent Nvidia from allowing them to
work and who knows how awesome Excel is
gonna be when it's fully implemented
sometime does PlayStation now have a
browser version no ok well that's kind
of a bummer does it have a Mac client ID
no I don't think so
so there's your answer then whatever
games you want to play and whether
there's a working client for whatever
platform you have available to you
speaking of working clients I'm the
client working on this message for our
sponsor this plate is art you stick up
on your wall we've got over 35,000
artists from 86 countries that have
contributed over 800,000 unique designs
they plant a tree for every display it's
old they've already planted over 11
million trees and of course the best
thing about this plate is the magnetic
mounting system that means you decrease
the risk of damaging your walls and
makes it super easy to adjust them if
someone bumps them and they're crooked
and you can switch between your dis
plates as quickly as like five seconds
pretty much they offer a 100 day return
policy for a 100% refund
they've got matte and gloss finishes and
sizes and frames for your every artwork
desire
they've even got the LTTE collection use
code ltte to save 15% at the link below
so thanks for watching guys if you
enjoyed this video maybe check out the
video I did on g-force now back when it
was data like two or three years ago
comparing latency on a local machine on
the local network with a wire on the
local network with Wireless and with
g-force now from a remote server it's
pretty interesting
library of older games
and the exorbitant prices that nintendo
charges for
games that have been out for 30 years
then i guess all that's left for you to
do is grab a pc load up an emulator and
uh
oh i guess somebody thought of that
this is the creo code
lira it's a diy that is if you
diy side d side oh
terrible to build it yourself or you can
actually get it as a pre-built
it's a raspberry pi based handheld
console
and my expectations for it
actually just got a lot higher from
initially opening the box
that looks slick private internet access
has
fast multi-gigabit vpn tunnel gateways
worldwide so if you're looking for a vpn
you can learn more about pia at the link
below
[Music]
okay i'm assuming this is the diy one ah
yes
do it yourself this is pretty cool so
download and play your favorite video
game surf on the internet watch movies
uh do it yourself so it's an arm cortex
a53 1.2 gigahertz bass chip
one gig of lpddr2 ram and an 800 by 480
resolution display
uh that is some not uh hd
resolution but given that it's only five
inches it should still be okay wow this
one is
a lot less assembled than the other one
oh boy
i've got an sd card to microsd adapter
we've got it
that's cool raspberry pi compute module
3 plus
just like that this looks pretty
straightforward
i have to confess i do not know what
this micro sd
to what looks like usb spacing on four
contacts is
it's exactly that oh all right so here's
all the parts i guess first things first
i'm going to take the protective bubble
wrap
off of the battery oh was i even
supposed to take that off it looks like
it's already attached
look ma i'm building my own game console
aren't you proud oh wow so the general
purpose i o
is all just mapped out to these contact
points here
i guess if you just have it assembled on
a test bench maybe i mean that's pretty
cool so you've got all that you know
raspberry pi functionality here's a
bunch of
five volt and ground that you could
theoretically just like
wire stuff up to i don't know rgb your
lyra maybe
we should do it oh i just powered it on
well then i'm gonna turn it back off
since we're back here that looks like a
speaker
here's the contact pads for our buttons
so this is probably the d-pad and then
this is our abx y over here
and then back to the other side there's
our micro sd card slot
another button or several headphone jack
nice and then this looks like the
display ribbon
cable receptacle it's powered off now
right yeah good okay let's put in the
compute module
well first i go in at the wrong angle
then i awkwardly pull back out
and uh take another run at it
basically like installing a sodium
memory module and that's it that's the
whole brain of this thing doesn't even
need active cooling
shoulder buttons cool there's one oh
lordy did i lose one nope there it is
stop hovering i'm gonna figure it out i
hope
there's the back probably the battery
sticks to these adhesive
doodads here before you do that can we
just pause for a second for a little
a little moment here so this right here
is my first problem with this
oh wait i'm putting this in backwards
well there's another problem yeah
but that's your problem right but if you
kind of look here there's only
four screw holes so if you look like um
here's the back to a ti-83 right that's
a calculator
yeah you can see six screws clips in
between them
lots of ribbing for you know
reinforcement yeah lots of stiffness
i strongly think that the whole thing
was designed by electrical engineers
play screen here oh it must go in this
way all right
no no that's not it okay hold on hold on
i can't i swear to you i can figure this
out
this has to go through yes there we go
should i just suggest something uh
reading the instructions no
i don't want to do that i was going to
suggest just disconnecting the battery
until it's needed no no it's fine okay
it's not it's not powered on should be
fine
there we go all right so that goes there
that means our battery
sits right about yeah wow that is a very
small amount of
3m tape stuff's expensive well
do you want to know the price difference
between the diy and the not diy version
uh sure why don't you hit me with that
so originally it was 30
okay but now it's zero at the same price
i think i would just get the
pre-assembled one because then at least
i can play with it for a bit before i
break it
what's that attached to oh screws we
need screws
wait why would you screw that in uh
that doesn't thread into anything um why
are there four nuts
please tell me you know the answers to
these questions alex
well i'm going to use one of the nuts
for this i see what you mean about the
whole design by electrical engineers
thing this is not a great way of
attaching a shoulder button
no it's gonna come off for sure it
doesn't even have like loctite
for the washer like it's just gonna come
loose
wait i think i figured out why i have
four small screws
and two nuts or maybe you're supposed to
put one in the middle okay yeah i think
it goes one nut on one
side and one nut on the other side
because that gets the spacing right
one cool thing about this finicky
shoulder button installation experience
is you can kind of tune
how quickly the shoulder buttons rebound
so you can tighten them up more if
you're more into
buttons that aren't responsive
clear buttons or black buttons clear
obviously
it seems distinctly possible that i'm
doing this wrong because
the keys don't match and i definitely
got it wrong
that is not enough tape to attach a
screen and with how misaligned they are
i wish they had just
gotten me to do it that's green now
that's
nice this goes on the outside right yep
cool okay the fit and finish is not
perfect
does this thing only have a mono speaker
oh i didn't notice that before that's
kind of a bummer you know what
ah there's a little nubbin thing hanging
out of them
i don't think that's supposed to be
there well let's look at the other ones
first
oh are these for like leds or something
where do these go i actually have no
clue
and now it goes in perfectly
oh well if you were hoping that putting
the screws in was going to make it
a little bit less flexy i can put your
positive vibes to rest is the other one
just as bad
yep okay well i didn't do it wrong at
least
i've got that to help me feel better is
it supposed to be booting up right now
it takes a while oh okay cool oh wow
there it is we got a command prompt
you did do that there it's gone
oh lordy this is this is
that is suspiciously slow now the
shoulder buttons on the outside i missed
that
oh man is this a chinese brand no that
says
design in london manufactured in london
as well really
yeah well i mean surely they're not
making the lcd panel in london
do you want to guess the price i'm gonna
say
200 bucks a bit more uh
300 250 250 and that's us dollars
yeah ouch hey maybe it's amazing yes no
probably not okay so there is a red
light here is that red for power or red
for
you don't have enough power that's red
for power okay
let's see if it's a little happier if we
plug it into power while we boot it it's
a nice usb cable though
got the little power indicator led in it
did i manage to kill it
i'd be pretty impressed if you did
honestly there we go
okay emulation station yay okay
so what we just charged it for 10
minutes it doesn't really you know
die gracefully when it dies it just kind
of
i feel like that's kind of where we were
there retropie
don't go into those menus because this
is you know a keyboard input
and you can kind of end up in situations
pretty easily where you don't have
you know the buttons required all right
so what should we do instead
let's put some games on it yay so first
of all you want that thingy
uh-huh we need a little usb drive here
this one right here will do just fine
okay so you go and plug it into your
computer and then you get a
folder on it that's called retropie cool
so
here we have our wonderful usb drive
ltdstore.com i like it
very nice take it out wait so we don't
actually put any games
no okay now you take it and you put it
in here
gorgeous wow how ergonomic yeah and now
you just
wait until it stops blinking okay
which is pretty good for something like
that but if you know
you have a usb stick such as this one
then you're just guessing yeah set a
five minute timer or something and hope
for the best while we're waiting have
you tried downloading emulated games
anytime recently uh no it's been a while
but i know there was a big
hullabaloo where basically all the
emulation sites got shut down
yeah it's a really bad time now we got a
bunch of games but that's just because
jake has a whole collection on his
server of course of all the games that
he
owns physical copies of it's still going
it's still going wait what is it
actually doing okay it seems to have
stopped
yeah so now we can take it out and we
put it in here we can look at what it
has been doing now oh it's creating like
a directory structure yeah
okay i mean that's not the stupidest
thing i've ever
heard i don't really get why you can't
just take the sd card and put it in here
i have some playstation i have some snes
games um
pi 3 can do psx hey yeah that's pretty
cool
just so i understand then now that we've
copied the files to the usb
drive we are now plugging it in here and
it is copying files to the micro sd card
yes
now i see why you said this is not the
smartest way because you're right why
wouldn't we just put the microsd card in
the computer
yep the directions say just do it this
way well that's fine
i'm gonna plug it into power while it
does this i don't want it to die
how long does the battery last they say
four hours
given that the only instructions that
you have are wait until it stops
blinking
it occasionally will stop blinking for
like a solid
second two seconds or so and you'll
think oh
i can pull it and then it just keeps on
going of course now that i say that it's
not going to do it but
so now what we fire up play some games
there's just one more step
you gotta go ahead and reboot the
machine now we go into playstation
crash bandicoot and ay
look at it go oh hey look at that it
works
well might as well stick with mono since
we only have one speaker
i like how it's placed right below your
thumb as well so when you grip it
you're covering up the speaker that's
pretty good get the apples
get the apples gotta get the apples
more apples why do we need apples oh oh
no
left or right oh we're going right
so what do you think of the buttons i uh
i would not
say that the buttons are one of my
primary complaints about this device
not great stabilization or anything like
that but i would say the d-pad
is surprisingly not horrendous yeah the
only ones that i really have
complaints about are the shoulder
buttons oh i haven't used those yet yeah
they're pretty bad
i got 69 apples now nice does it do
uh in 64. yes but obviously it would be
a terrible experience
yeah yeah okay but here's where it gets
interesting it says you can play
multiplayer games they hook it up to a
tv
hdmi in sure and now they're playing
all together they've got arm tattoos you
know so they're credible based off that
footage
you'd think you know you just plug it
into there yep yeah so these right here
are like the 8-bit 2 controllers
it says right on the back raspberry pi
bluetooth 2.0 and above
i feel like there's a punch line here
yeah there's no bluetooth module
oh so if you look here
it's a real sneaky one but if you look
they've got this big tether so
so we'll go in there let's what am i
gonna find in here
yeah okay we have a separate problem
though this isn't actually outputting to
hdmi
yeah that's another problem you need to
install a whole
other thing of retropie on here for it
to get
onto the screen i got to swap my micro
sd card when i want to run the
desktop os yeah okay that also makes
their claim that you can use this as
like a desktop computer experience on
the go a little misleading
i mean yeah you can but you won't
we have the raspberry pi thing set up
here so you can do that and you need to
take that sd card out but you know it's
fine
okay nope
that wasn't me that was gravity okay and
i can fire it up now
firing it up hey there we are yeah it's
working
welcome to raspberry pi desktop is the
mouse not working
uh i think this mouse is not actually
plugged into ah that would do it i don't
know where the hub on the keyboard is
please tell me it supports like hot plug
oh god oh lordy all right well let's
reboot
it is it is boot looping okay let's try
just
let's try just a mouse okay
oh there we go click next
uh um hello it's not plugged in
all right so a lot of things that you do
on your computer these days are
web browser based which is why you can
theoretically get away with a super low
powered computer like this
it doesn't have a wireless card it says
on the kickstarter that
there'll be a bluetooth and wireless
dongle available for purchase later it's
not available now
i don't know if it ever will be but you
know not all that useful
neat there's nothing else really quite
like it is there
uh well uh see there's this plant right
here that's been
growing some weird fruit lately pocket
go
that guy right there is 40 bucks but
it's
not great i mean you can tell just
looking at like the buttons are even
worse
what is bard what is commander okay this
is not comparable
how is that not comparable look at it
it's so cute
i was gonna ask does it have an hdmi
output but i guess it's not really
relevant because that one doesn't
really either oh but do you know what it
does have what does it have
it's a volume knob okay but this is
lagging on snes games like you could
make the argument that there's room for
something a bit more premium and a bit
more powerful
it's pretty cute though i will say that
much creo code lyra then
worth it if hackability and cool factor
is all you're after there's a decent
base here and aside from the
flex issues with the body i actually
think the buttons are not bad
but if all you're after is bang for the
buck for
spending a little bit of money to play
some retro games something like this
makes a ton more sense to me
the corsair one pro i-200 gaming pc
features a compact
and sexy design and liquid cooling to
minimize
temperatures as well as fan noise it's
got a core i9 10 940 x processor
geforce rtx 2080 ti graphics four
16 gig sticks of ddr4 2666 that's
64 gigs and a 2 terabyte m.2 nvme ssd
it also features corsair's world-class
24 7 support either over the phone or
online
and a two-year warranty learn more at
the links in the video description
if you're into just checking out weird
console stuff maybe have a look at our
video on the virtual boy we got our
hands on not one but two of them and
tried virtual boy multiplayer
pretty fun little video oh no oh no he's
gonna get me
no he's gonna give me oh wow he's gonna
get me
shoot i might actually die i died
library of older games
and the exorbitant prices that nintendo
charges for
games that have been out for 30 years
then i guess all that's left for you to
do is grab a pc load up an emulator and
uh
oh i guess somebody thought of that
this is the creo code
lira it's a diy that is if you
diy side d side oh
terrible to build it yourself or you can
actually get it as a pre-built
it's a raspberry pi based handheld
console
and my expectations for it
actually just got a lot higher from
initially opening the box
that looks slick private internet access
has
fast multi-gigabit vpn tunnel gateways
worldwide so if you're looking for a vpn
you can learn more about pia at the link
below
[Music]
okay i'm assuming this is the diy one ah
yes
do it yourself this is pretty cool so
download and play your favorite video
game surf on the internet watch movies
uh do it yourself so it's an arm cortex
a53 1.2 gigahertz bass chip
one gig of lpddr2 ram and an 800 by 480
resolution display
uh that is some not uh hd
resolution but given that it's only five
inches it should still be okay wow this
one is
a lot less assembled than the other one
oh boy
i've got an sd card to microsd adapter
we've got it
that's cool raspberry pi compute module
3 plus
just like that this looks pretty
straightforward
i have to confess i do not know what
this micro sd
to what looks like usb spacing on four
contacts is
it's exactly that oh all right so here's
all the parts i guess first things first
i'm going to take the protective bubble
wrap
off of the battery oh was i even
supposed to take that off it looks like
it's already attached
look ma i'm building my own game console
aren't you proud oh wow so the general
purpose i o
is all just mapped out to these contact
points here
i guess if you just have it assembled on
a test bench maybe i mean that's pretty
cool so you've got all that you know
raspberry pi functionality here's a
bunch of
five volt and ground that you could
theoretically just like
wire stuff up to i don't know rgb your
lyra maybe
we should do it oh i just powered it on
well then i'm gonna turn it back off
since we're back here that looks like a
speaker
here's the contact pads for our buttons
so this is probably the d-pad and then
this is our abx y over here
and then back to the other side there's
our micro sd card slot
another button or several headphone jack
nice and then this looks like the
display ribbon
cable receptacle it's powered off now
right yeah good okay let's put in the
compute module
well first i go in at the wrong angle
then i awkwardly pull back out
and uh take another run at it
basically like installing a sodium
memory module and that's it that's the
whole brain of this thing doesn't even
need active cooling
shoulder buttons cool there's one oh
lordy did i lose one nope there it is
stop hovering i'm gonna figure it out i
hope
there's the back probably the battery
sticks to these adhesive
doodads here before you do that can we
just pause for a second for a little
a little moment here so this right here
is my first problem with this
oh wait i'm putting this in backwards
well there's another problem yeah
but that's your problem right but if you
kind of look here there's only
four screw holes so if you look like um
here's the back to a ti-83 right that's
a calculator
yeah you can see six screws clips in
between them
lots of ribbing for you know
reinforcement yeah lots of stiffness
i strongly think that the whole thing
was designed by electrical engineers
play screen here oh it must go in this
way all right
no no that's not it okay hold on hold on
i can't i swear to you i can figure this
out
this has to go through yes there we go
should i just suggest something uh
reading the instructions no
i don't want to do that i was going to
suggest just disconnecting the battery
until it's needed no no it's fine okay
it's not it's not powered on should be
fine
there we go all right so that goes there
that means our battery
sits right about yeah wow that is a very
small amount of
3m tape stuff's expensive well
do you want to know the price difference
between the diy and the not diy version
uh sure why don't you hit me with that
so originally it was 30
okay but now it's zero at the same price
i think i would just get the
pre-assembled one because then at least
i can play with it for a bit before i
break it
what's that attached to oh screws we
need screws
wait why would you screw that in uh
that doesn't thread into anything um why
are there four nuts
please tell me you know the answers to
these questions alex
well i'm going to use one of the nuts
for this i see what you mean about the
whole design by electrical engineers
thing this is not a great way of
attaching a shoulder button
no it's gonna come off for sure it
doesn't even have like loctite
for the washer like it's just gonna come
loose
wait i think i figured out why i have
four small screws
and two nuts or maybe you're supposed to
put one in the middle okay yeah i think
it goes one nut on one
side and one nut on the other side
because that gets the spacing right
one cool thing about this finicky
shoulder button installation experience
is you can kind of tune
how quickly the shoulder buttons rebound
so you can tighten them up more if
you're more into
buttons that aren't responsive
clear buttons or black buttons clear
obviously
it seems distinctly possible that i'm
doing this wrong because
the keys don't match and i definitely
got it wrong
that is not enough tape to attach a
screen and with how misaligned they are
i wish they had just
gotten me to do it that's green now
that's
nice this goes on the outside right yep
cool okay the fit and finish is not
perfect
does this thing only have a mono speaker
oh i didn't notice that before that's
kind of a bummer you know what
ah there's a little nubbin thing hanging
out of them
i don't think that's supposed to be
there well let's look at the other ones
first
oh are these for like leds or something
where do these go i actually have no
clue
and now it goes in perfectly
oh well if you were hoping that putting
the screws in was going to make it
a little bit less flexy i can put your
positive vibes to rest is the other one
just as bad
yep okay well i didn't do it wrong at
least
i've got that to help me feel better is
it supposed to be booting up right now
it takes a while oh okay cool oh wow
there it is we got a command prompt
you did do that there it's gone
oh lordy this is this is
that is suspiciously slow now the
shoulder buttons on the outside i missed
that
oh man is this a chinese brand no that
says
design in london manufactured in london
as well really
yeah well i mean surely they're not
making the lcd panel in london
do you want to guess the price i'm gonna
say
200 bucks a bit more uh
300 250 250 and that's us dollars
yeah ouch hey maybe it's amazing yes no
probably not okay so there is a red
light here is that red for power or red
for
you don't have enough power that's red
for power okay
let's see if it's a little happier if we
plug it into power while we boot it it's
a nice usb cable though
got the little power indicator led in it
did i manage to kill it
i'd be pretty impressed if you did
honestly there we go
okay emulation station yay okay
so what we just charged it for 10
minutes it doesn't really you know
die gracefully when it dies it just kind
of
i feel like that's kind of where we were
there retropie
don't go into those menus because this
is you know a keyboard input
and you can kind of end up in situations
pretty easily where you don't have
you know the buttons required all right
so what should we do instead
let's put some games on it yay so first
of all you want that thingy
uh-huh we need a little usb drive here
this one right here will do just fine
okay so you go and plug it into your
computer and then you get a
folder on it that's called retropie cool
so
here we have our wonderful usb drive
ltdstore.com i like it
very nice take it out wait so we don't
actually put any games
no okay now you take it and you put it
in here
gorgeous wow how ergonomic yeah and now
you just
wait until it stops blinking okay
which is pretty good for something like
that but if you know
you have a usb stick such as this one
then you're just guessing yeah set a
five minute timer or something and hope
for the best while we're waiting have
you tried downloading emulated games
anytime recently uh no it's been a while
but i know there was a big
hullabaloo where basically all the
emulation sites got shut down
yeah it's a really bad time now we got a
bunch of games but that's just because
jake has a whole collection on his
server of course of all the games that
he
owns physical copies of it's still going
it's still going wait what is it
actually doing okay it seems to have
stopped
yeah so now we can take it out and we
put it in here we can look at what it
has been doing now oh it's creating like
a directory structure yeah
okay i mean that's not the stupidest
thing i've ever
heard i don't really get why you can't
just take the sd card and put it in here
i have some playstation i have some snes
games um
pi 3 can do psx hey yeah that's pretty
cool
just so i understand then now that we've
copied the files to the usb
drive we are now plugging it in here and
it is copying files to the micro sd card
yes
now i see why you said this is not the
smartest way because you're right why
wouldn't we just put the microsd card in
the computer
yep the directions say just do it this
way well that's fine
i'm gonna plug it into power while it
does this i don't want it to die
how long does the battery last they say
four hours
given that the only instructions that
you have are wait until it stops
blinking
it occasionally will stop blinking for
like a solid
second two seconds or so and you'll
think oh
i can pull it and then it just keeps on
going of course now that i say that it's
not going to do it but
so now what we fire up play some games
there's just one more step
you gotta go ahead and reboot the
machine now we go into playstation
crash bandicoot and ay
look at it go oh hey look at that it
works
well might as well stick with mono since
we only have one speaker
i like how it's placed right below your
thumb as well so when you grip it
you're covering up the speaker that's
pretty good get the apples
get the apples gotta get the apples
more apples why do we need apples oh oh
no
left or right oh we're going right
so what do you think of the buttons i uh
i would not
say that the buttons are one of my
primary complaints about this device
not great stabilization or anything like
that but i would say the d-pad
is surprisingly not horrendous yeah the
only ones that i really have
complaints about are the shoulder
buttons oh i haven't used those yet yeah
they're pretty bad
i got 69 apples now nice does it do
uh in 64. yes but obviously it would be
a terrible experience
yeah yeah okay but here's where it gets
interesting it says you can play
multiplayer games they hook it up to a
tv
hdmi in sure and now they're playing
all together they've got arm tattoos you
know so they're credible based off that
footage
you'd think you know you just plug it
into there yep yeah so these right here
are like the 8-bit 2 controllers
it says right on the back raspberry pi
bluetooth 2.0 and above
i feel like there's a punch line here
yeah there's no bluetooth module
oh so if you look here
it's a real sneaky one but if you look
they've got this big tether so
so we'll go in there let's what am i
gonna find in here
yeah okay we have a separate problem
though this isn't actually outputting to
hdmi
yeah that's another problem you need to
install a whole
other thing of retropie on here for it
to get
onto the screen i got to swap my micro
sd card when i want to run the
desktop os yeah okay that also makes
their claim that you can use this as
like a desktop computer experience on
the go a little misleading
i mean yeah you can but you won't
we have the raspberry pi thing set up
here so you can do that and you need to
take that sd card out but you know it's
fine
okay nope
that wasn't me that was gravity okay and
i can fire it up now
firing it up hey there we are yeah it's
working
welcome to raspberry pi desktop is the
mouse not working
uh i think this mouse is not actually
plugged into ah that would do it i don't
know where the hub on the keyboard is
please tell me it supports like hot plug
oh god oh lordy all right well let's
reboot
it is it is boot looping okay let's try
just
let's try just a mouse okay
oh there we go click next
uh um hello it's not plugged in
all right so a lot of things that you do
on your computer these days are
web browser based which is why you can
theoretically get away with a super low
powered computer like this
it doesn't have a wireless card it says
on the kickstarter that
there'll be a bluetooth and wireless
dongle available for purchase later it's
not available now
i don't know if it ever will be but you
know not all that useful
neat there's nothing else really quite
like it is there
uh well uh see there's this plant right
here that's been
growing some weird fruit lately pocket
go
that guy right there is 40 bucks but
it's
not great i mean you can tell just
looking at like the buttons are even
worse
what is bard what is commander okay this
is not comparable
how is that not comparable look at it
it's so cute
i was gonna ask does it have an hdmi
output but i guess it's not really
relevant because that one doesn't
really either oh but do you know what it
does have what does it have
it's a volume knob okay but this is
lagging on snes games like you could
make the argument that there's room for
something a bit more premium and a bit
more powerful
it's pretty cute though i will say that
much creo code lyra then
worth it if hackability and cool factor
is all you're after there's a decent
base here and aside from the
flex issues with the body i actually
think the buttons are not bad
but if all you're after is bang for the
buck for
spending a little bit of money to play
some retro games something like this
makes a ton more sense to me
the corsair one pro i-200 gaming pc
features a compact
and sexy design and liquid cooling to
minimize
temperatures as well as fan noise it's
got a core i9 10 940 x processor
geforce rtx 2080 ti graphics four
16 gig sticks of ddr4 2666 that's
64 gigs and a 2 terabyte m.2 nvme ssd
it also features corsair's world-class
24 7 support either over the phone or
online
and a two-year warranty learn more at
the links in the video description
if you're into just checking out weird
console stuff maybe have a look at our
video on the virtual boy we got our
hands on not one but two of them and
tried virtual boy multiplayer
pretty fun little video oh no oh no he's
gonna get me
no he's gonna give me oh wow he's gonna
get me
shoot i might actually die i died
card can
crunch numbers to help improve our
understanding of biology
or even develop treatments for diseases
like cancer
alzheimer's cystic fibrosis and yes
covet 19 which brings us perfectly to
the purpose of today's video
we actually did a build guide four years
ago
showing how to configure a pc for
contributing to projects like this
but guys the situation's a little more
dire at the moment
and we need more than just the
enthusiasts who are building computers
specifically for folding to pitch in so
guys
dig through your closets if you can find
some compute it's time to put it to work
uh here over here in the corner here my
office we found a little machine that
wasn't really doing anything else and
we're gonna use this to
walk you guys through a quick guide for
how you can be up and running folding at
home
in what 10 minutes 15 minutes i think
it's going to take us a little
longer but you could probably do it in
10 minutes yeah that's fair
the video today is brought to you by
ridge wallet ridge wallet wants to
redefine the wallet with its compact
frame and rfid blocking plates
check out how they can help keep wallet
bulge down and use offer code linus to
save 10
and get free worldwide shipping
[Music]
okay look i i get it especially if you
guys are new to the channel
i understand that you're wondering right
now why exactly do you guys have a
machine of this caliber
quite literally lying around collecting
dust in a warehouse it's got
dual xeon platinum 8180 so those are 28
core processors it has
six nvidia titan v graphics cards
so they were built based on the very
short-lived
volta architecture so even though
they're not
you know rtx or whatever in terms of
compute they're actually
very similar to an rtx 2080 ti and yes
that is a solid mass of six of them
right there
it used to have uh i don't know 204 384
gigs of ram
right now it's got quite a bit less than
that but
we scavenged the ram out of it because
it was just sitting there and that was
easy to get at anyway
the original purpose of this machine was
to slice up the hardware resources using
virtualization
to have six eight core workstations each
with its own graphics card and then have
six people editing 8k video off of
one box at the same time and then we
were supposed to do a video
showcasing the sheer might of it running
just one operating system
so we left it assembled but then we just
never did it
well today's that day we do have a
couple of issues with it one of the gpus
wasn't showing up so i want to do a
quick
kind of reinstall them also our power
supply is hanging out the back
and one of the things that we needed for
the original build this is a really
really funky piece of computer equipment
it's a it's a pci express 16x to
external adapter
and then it goes out to a daughter board
that we used to have usb
cards that could be assigned to each one
of our virtual machines
we don't need that anymore super cool
not necessary today thank you jake
i'm gonna pop these gpus out and then
plonk them back in
yeah you gotta just just send her ah oh
man
something about this doesn't seem right
okay seems to be in there
is it possible that this will be the
most powerful machine on the folding at
home network
no because the liquid guys spun up uh
virtualizing he said like 16 quadro 8
thousands okay
just to flex mark you better be folding
for ltt
i mean he must be right we have a
quarter as many members but almost the
same output so oh you mean a pcmr
yeah okay guys by the way pcmr has four
times the folders that ltt does there's
no excuse for it so let's
let's let's get on that just google ltt
folding team
number and let's get let's get those
numbers juiced up
what we just did was add a jumper so
that both power supplies will receive a
signal from the motherboard at exactly
the same time
and turn on simultaneously the reason we
need two power supplies is twofold
number one is that these are evga's 1600
watt 80 plus titanium units
and they simply don't make anything
bigger than that
the problem is that our gpus alone are
rated at 1500 watts leaving us
100 watts for drives pumps cpus
all that other good stuff so we're going
to need two power supplies anyway
two is that here in north america our
breakers
don't go any higher than 1600 watts plus
inefficiency
so we would need to plug into two
separate circuits if we wanted all gpus
and cpus
firing at once which we do wow
so just firing up doing nothing else
it's drawing 200 and wow almost 300
watts
from just one of the power supplies okay
vga connection hey that's not what i was
expecting
did we oh god did you disconnect the oh
no you've got to be kidding me
did our boot drive come out did we trip
a breaker
we really do have a way of making things
look a lot harder than they are
we spent the last day troubleshooting it
we actually eventually solved it with a
motherboard swap which necessitated
a cpu block swap which meant we had to
redo all the tubing refill it anyway the
point is
it's working and this is the original
board we'd actually plan to use for this
project but there was an issue with the
pci express lanes
but check this out one two three four
five six
yeah so now all we need to do is show
you guys how to install folding at home
okay so to get folding at home running
it's really simple actually we'll have a
link down in the description
where you can actually just download the
client straight off their website
you don't have to unzip it or anything
just download it double click to start
so by default it's actually going to
open up a web interface now this makes
it really easy to set up your identity
so we're going to start by doing that
and then later on i'm going to open up
the actual program that gives you a lot
more control over what's happening
so you'll want to pick set up an
identity because now we're going to be
folding on the ltt team
not for team default both of which is
totally fine but we want you guys on our
team so we can bump up those stats and
beat pcmr
so click on set up an identity and click
start folding inside the identity tab
we're going to see three things
username team number and pass key now
all of these things are important
we're going to set our name to lmg
underscore jakku
and then team number which you can
actually get from the link in the
description on our forum post here it's
two two three five one eight this will
set you up on the ltt
team and then you wanna get a pass key
now this is gonna require you to enter
your email and you'll actually get it
emailed to you
they use it as sort of an authentication
so other people can't steal
credit for your points and it gives you
a bonus you'll really want to use it if
you want to
amp up those stats so once you've got
your username team number and pass key
entered just hit save
and it'll start folding right away now
because we want a little bit more
control over say
what cpu cores are running or when it
runs we're actually going to open up the
advanced control so down in the
taskbar you can right click on the
folding app go to advanced control
and it'll open up the actual windows app
where we can pick and choose individual
gpus or what have you
now i'm going to say that maybe i don't
want my cpu to fold
so we're going to pause our cpu and all
of our gpus will be left running which
is perfect and then i'm going to right
click on the little icon down here
and set it to on idle now that means
it's only going to go on my computer is
not doing other things
i'm also going to turn the client up to
full power now this means it's going to
use
as much of your cpu and gpu as possible
now we paused our cpu so it's only going
to be doing gpu but this means we're
gonna get the most
performance when we're actually not even
using the computer because it's on idle
only
and that's basically all there is to it
we're now folding for the ltt team we've
got our pass key set up which means
we're gonna get the most points possible
and now that's all that's left is just
to wait and see what kind of stats we
push out if you want to see your stats
you might notice that the official
folding stats page i mean depending on
when you watch this video might actually
be down because of all the additional
load
of all the new users so we're going to
actually use something called extreme
overclocking
their forum has a really great custom
script
setup so you can actually see all your
stats even when the official site is
down
it will take several hours to update you
can see right now our hourly production
at least on my user is still zero but
if you check back in a day or maybe 12
hours or something you should see
your points start to go up you were
telling me about this so
even though we have all these compute
resources the folding project
is struggling to issue work units so
what we're only using
one sixth of our capacity one right now
so basically what happened is they went
from 30
000 users kind of concurrently over the
last couple years to
400 000 in the order of about two weeks
so those servers are getting hit pretty
hard and
the big problem isn't so much issuing
the work units we can actually see on
this one it's
stuck on send results waiting on send
results so they actually don't have the
bandwidth to take all the
computed models and store them on their
own servers right now
however here's something cool that we
want to share with you guys we are
currently in the process
of working with the folding at home
project to use some of our bandwidth
because we happen to have a 10 gigabit
connection here at the office
to run a folding at-home work unit
server
here on our premises so that's going to
be our next video
where basically we'll be able to can we
preferentially
issue ourselves work units i don't think
so okay well
anyway let's have a look at what the
impact is
on your system if you were able to run
full tilt here we go this is
octane bench our gpu temps right now are
in the low 30s so that's what we would
expect for water cooled graphics cards
let's go ahead and click run so this
one's only about 350 watts
we're at 463 watts wait that's it i'm
still at 350. so what's that 850 watts
that's it on two 1600 watt power
supplies
this is great we weren't actually using
that much power so i'm installing
blender in the background
and we still put up these insane numbers
here's a gtx 980 for context
that is over 20 times faster while i was
doing stuff in the background
this thing is nuts time to try something
a little heavier
oh afterburner's reporting 90 usage so
what's our power consumption look like
i've got 400 watts this time i can climb
under them wow it's already at 720 watts
what are you at 400 okay so we're up to
1100 watts now
it still hasn't started yet oh wow yeah
that's heavy it's getting really warm in
here we literally have a thousand watt
heater just
so that's quite a lot more than octane
but my understanding is that folding at
home
should actually hit it even harder than
that yeah especially because we can use
some of the cpu at the same time
so if you were wondering if there's
going to be an impact on your
home heating or your power bill the
answer is
yes but by and large it's for a good
cause so
the good news is if you already use
electric heating this is
basically the same thing just turn some
of it off and also have it not be summer
yeah also good news just because it uses
up your cpu and gpu doesn't mean it's
going to interfere when you're trying to
actually use your computer there's a
setting in the client where you can tell
it look only fold when i'm idle so that
it's not going to interfere with my
gaming or my work or whatever the case
may be that is an issue that i had had
years back with the client and that i
found kind of annoying but they've got
that resolved so there's basically no
drawback
so check out the link in the video
description join the ltt folding team
it's going to be great yeah we actually
even do giveaways and stuff once in a
while should we do one yeah
let's do one in the next little bit also
in the video description link to our
sponsor
privacy anytime you buy anything online
you give your
personal information to merchants and
their data partners and it happens
without clear consent
so it's important to ensure that your
online presence is safe and secure
with privacy.com you'll be armed with
the free tool that makes it easy to
manage your financial life online
keeping your most important information
secure by generating virtual numbers
privacy masks your real bank information
so you never have to worry about giving
it out to people you don't know online
you can create up to 12 cards a month on
their free personal plan
and they've launched two paid versions
pro and teams
pro is ten dollars a month with more
security and privacy features plus
one percent cashback on all purchases
and up to 36 cards a month
pro is the same as teams except it's 25
a month you get dedicated account
management
access to 60 cards a month and
transaction limits that are tailored to
your business needs
they're pci dss compliant they use
military-grade encryption
and you can check them out today at
privacy.com
linus we'll have that linked below
thanks for watching guys if you enjoyed
seeing this
hot machine in action maybe check out
the epic saga that was getting it
working in the first place man
early bios's suck compared to mature
ones right this was just plug and play
and it boots up so fast i know right
card can
crunch numbers to help improve our
understanding of biology
or even develop treatments for diseases
like cancer
alzheimer's cystic fibrosis and yes
covet 19 which brings us perfectly to
the purpose of today's video
we actually did a build guide four years
ago
showing how to configure a pc for
contributing to projects like this
but guys the situation's a little more
dire at the moment
and we need more than just the
enthusiasts who are building computers
specifically for folding to pitch in so
guys
dig through your closets if you can find
some compute it's time to put it to work
uh here over here in the corner here my
office we found a little machine that
wasn't really doing anything else and
we're gonna use this to
walk you guys through a quick guide for
how you can be up and running folding at
home
in what 10 minutes 15 minutes i think
it's going to take us a little
longer but you could probably do it in
10 minutes yeah that's fair
the video today is brought to you by
ridge wallet ridge wallet wants to
redefine the wallet with its compact
frame and rfid blocking plates
check out how they can help keep wallet
bulge down and use offer code linus to
save 10
and get free worldwide shipping
[Music]
okay look i i get it especially if you
guys are new to the channel
i understand that you're wondering right
now why exactly do you guys have a
machine of this caliber
quite literally lying around collecting
dust in a warehouse it's got
dual xeon platinum 8180 so those are 28
core processors it has
six nvidia titan v graphics cards
so they were built based on the very
short-lived
volta architecture so even though
they're not
you know rtx or whatever in terms of
compute they're actually
very similar to an rtx 2080 ti and yes
that is a solid mass of six of them
right there
it used to have uh i don't know 204 384
gigs of ram
right now it's got quite a bit less than
that but
we scavenged the ram out of it because
it was just sitting there and that was
easy to get at anyway
the original purpose of this machine was
to slice up the hardware resources using
virtualization
to have six eight core workstations each
with its own graphics card and then have
six people editing 8k video off of
one box at the same time and then we
were supposed to do a video
showcasing the sheer might of it running
just one operating system
so we left it assembled but then we just
never did it
well today's that day we do have a
couple of issues with it one of the gpus
wasn't showing up so i want to do a
quick
kind of reinstall them also our power
supply is hanging out the back
and one of the things that we needed for
the original build this is a really
really funky piece of computer equipment
it's a it's a pci express 16x to
external adapter
and then it goes out to a daughter board
that we used to have usb
cards that could be assigned to each one
of our virtual machines
we don't need that anymore super cool
not necessary today thank you jake
i'm gonna pop these gpus out and then
plonk them back in
yeah you gotta just just send her ah oh
man
something about this doesn't seem right
okay seems to be in there
is it possible that this will be the
most powerful machine on the folding at
home network
no because the liquid guys spun up uh
virtualizing he said like 16 quadro 8
thousands okay
just to flex mark you better be folding
for ltt
i mean he must be right we have a
quarter as many members but almost the
same output so oh you mean a pcmr
yeah okay guys by the way pcmr has four
times the folders that ltt does there's
no excuse for it so let's
let's let's get on that just google ltt
folding team
number and let's get let's get those
numbers juiced up
what we just did was add a jumper so
that both power supplies will receive a
signal from the motherboard at exactly
the same time
and turn on simultaneously the reason we
need two power supplies is twofold
number one is that these are evga's 1600
watt 80 plus titanium units
and they simply don't make anything
bigger than that
the problem is that our gpus alone are
rated at 1500 watts leaving us
100 watts for drives pumps cpus
all that other good stuff so we're going
to need two power supplies anyway
two is that here in north america our
breakers
don't go any higher than 1600 watts plus
inefficiency
so we would need to plug into two
separate circuits if we wanted all gpus
and cpus
firing at once which we do wow
so just firing up doing nothing else
it's drawing 200 and wow almost 300
watts
from just one of the power supplies okay
vga connection hey that's not what i was
expecting
did we oh god did you disconnect the oh
no you've got to be kidding me
did our boot drive come out did we trip
a breaker
we really do have a way of making things
look a lot harder than they are
we spent the last day troubleshooting it
we actually eventually solved it with a
motherboard swap which necessitated
a cpu block swap which meant we had to
redo all the tubing refill it anyway the
point is
it's working and this is the original
board we'd actually plan to use for this
project but there was an issue with the
pci express lanes
but check this out one two three four
five six
yeah so now all we need to do is show
you guys how to install folding at home
okay so to get folding at home running
it's really simple actually we'll have a
link down in the description
where you can actually just download the
client straight off their website
you don't have to unzip it or anything
just download it double click to start
so by default it's actually going to
open up a web interface now this makes
it really easy to set up your identity
so we're going to start by doing that
and then later on i'm going to open up
the actual program that gives you a lot
more control over what's happening
so you'll want to pick set up an
identity because now we're going to be
folding on the ltt team
not for team default both of which is
totally fine but we want you guys on our
team so we can bump up those stats and
beat pcmr
so click on set up an identity and click
start folding inside the identity tab
we're going to see three things
username team number and pass key now
all of these things are important
we're going to set our name to lmg
underscore jakku
and then team number which you can
actually get from the link in the
description on our forum post here it's
two two three five one eight this will
set you up on the ltt
team and then you wanna get a pass key
now this is gonna require you to enter
your email and you'll actually get it
emailed to you
they use it as sort of an authentication
so other people can't steal
credit for your points and it gives you
a bonus you'll really want to use it if
you want to
amp up those stats so once you've got
your username team number and pass key
entered just hit save
and it'll start folding right away now
because we want a little bit more
control over say
what cpu cores are running or when it
runs we're actually going to open up the
advanced control so down in the
taskbar you can right click on the
folding app go to advanced control
and it'll open up the actual windows app
where we can pick and choose individual
gpus or what have you
now i'm going to say that maybe i don't
want my cpu to fold
so we're going to pause our cpu and all
of our gpus will be left running which
is perfect and then i'm going to right
click on the little icon down here
and set it to on idle now that means
it's only going to go on my computer is
not doing other things
i'm also going to turn the client up to
full power now this means it's going to
use
as much of your cpu and gpu as possible
now we paused our cpu so it's only going
to be doing gpu but this means we're
gonna get the most
performance when we're actually not even
using the computer because it's on idle
only
and that's basically all there is to it
we're now folding for the ltt team we've
got our pass key set up which means
we're gonna get the most points possible
and now that's all that's left is just
to wait and see what kind of stats we
push out if you want to see your stats
you might notice that the official
folding stats page i mean depending on
when you watch this video might actually
be down because of all the additional
load
of all the new users so we're going to
actually use something called extreme
overclocking
their forum has a really great custom
script
setup so you can actually see all your
stats even when the official site is
down
it will take several hours to update you
can see right now our hourly production
at least on my user is still zero but
if you check back in a day or maybe 12
hours or something you should see
your points start to go up you were
telling me about this so
even though we have all these compute
resources the folding project
is struggling to issue work units so
what we're only using
one sixth of our capacity one right now
so basically what happened is they went
from 30
000 users kind of concurrently over the
last couple years to
400 000 in the order of about two weeks
so those servers are getting hit pretty
hard and
the big problem isn't so much issuing
the work units we can actually see on
this one it's
stuck on send results waiting on send
results so they actually don't have the
bandwidth to take all the
computed models and store them on their
own servers right now
however here's something cool that we
want to share with you guys we are
currently in the process
of working with the folding at home
project to use some of our bandwidth
because we happen to have a 10 gigabit
connection here at the office
to run a folding at-home work unit
server
here on our premises so that's going to
be our next video
where basically we'll be able to can we
preferentially
issue ourselves work units i don't think
so okay well
anyway let's have a look at what the
impact is
on your system if you were able to run
full tilt here we go this is
octane bench our gpu temps right now are
in the low 30s so that's what we would
expect for water cooled graphics cards
let's go ahead and click run so this
one's only about 350 watts
we're at 463 watts wait that's it i'm
still at 350. so what's that 850 watts
that's it on two 1600 watt power
supplies
this is great we weren't actually using
that much power so i'm installing
blender in the background
and we still put up these insane numbers
here's a gtx 980 for context
that is over 20 times faster while i was
doing stuff in the background
this thing is nuts time to try something
a little heavier
oh afterburner's reporting 90 usage so
what's our power consumption look like
i've got 400 watts this time i can climb
under them wow it's already at 720 watts
what are you at 400 okay so we're up to
1100 watts now
it still hasn't started yet oh wow yeah
that's heavy it's getting really warm in
here we literally have a thousand watt
heater just
so that's quite a lot more than octane
but my understanding is that folding at
home
should actually hit it even harder than
that yeah especially because we can use
some of the cpu at the same time
so if you were wondering if there's
going to be an impact on your
home heating or your power bill the
answer is
yes but by and large it's for a good
cause so
the good news is if you already use
electric heating this is
basically the same thing just turn some
of it off and also have it not be summer
yeah also good news just because it uses
up your cpu and gpu doesn't mean it's
going to interfere when you're trying to
actually use your computer there's a
setting in the client where you can tell
it look only fold when i'm idle so that
it's not going to interfere with my
gaming or my work or whatever the case
may be that is an issue that i had had
years back with the client and that i
found kind of annoying but they've got
that resolved so there's basically no
drawback
so check out the link in the video
description join the ltt folding team
it's going to be great yeah we actually
even do giveaways and stuff once in a
while should we do one yeah
let's do one in the next little bit also
in the video description link to our
sponsor
privacy anytime you buy anything online
you give your
personal information to merchants and
their data partners and it happens
without clear consent
so it's important to ensure that your
online presence is safe and secure
with privacy.com you'll be armed with
the free tool that makes it easy to
manage your financial life online
keeping your most important information
secure by generating virtual numbers
privacy masks your real bank information
so you never have to worry about giving
it out to people you don't know online
you can create up to 12 cards a month on
their free personal plan
and they've launched two paid versions
pro and teams
pro is ten dollars a month with more
security and privacy features plus
one percent cashback on all purchases
and up to 36 cards a month
pro is the same as teams except it's 25
a month you get dedicated account
management
access to 60 cards a month and
transaction limits that are tailored to
your business needs
they're pci dss compliant they use
military-grade encryption
and you can check them out today at
privacy.com
linus we'll have that linked below
thanks for watching guys if you enjoyed
seeing this
hot machine in action maybe check out
the epic saga that was getting it
working in the first place man
early bios's suck compared to mature
ones right this was just plug and play
and it boots up so fast i know right
to LAN parties and it remains the most
potent cooler here at Linus tech tips
but to say it's sketchy would be an
understatement
we've got sharp edges we've got no
grounding we've got an extremely
dangerous exposed capacitor and it also
doesn't look too great but today that
changes no longer will we have to cart
around the ugly carcass of an air
conditioner to cool our computers
because now we can cart around the ugly
carcass of an old air conditioner in a
fancy enclosure this is the chill inator
v2 let's get to building it you can tell
it's already better than a Mac Pro
because it has wheels that lock
[Music]
check out the e Kovacs D bought Osmo
robot vacuum on alibaba.com they've also
got their March Expo 2020 happening
which features more than 35,000 global
suppliers online of course check them
out now at the link below so I'd like to
say that we have a really legit complete
plan but we really don't so basically
the idea is you know hot side here cold
side here some steel that you have in
your hands we cut it weld it and
hopefully it all fits together
how does welding work the easiest way to
describe it is you're just pushing
electricity and well with aluminum we're
pushing it both in and out of the
material so we're just throwing
lightning at things really I know I know
some of you might be confused did he
really just say that welding is throwing
lightning at things well let's look at
how welding actually works so you can go
from a regular Bruce to a zappy zapping
Zeus see mastering welding much like
mastering the Kama Sutra is more about
careful balance and making sure
everything is clean than pure power when
exposed to the air the molten metal in a
weld can react with the oxygen nitrogen
and hydrogen contained in the atmosphere
become very porous and splatter all over
the place the same goes for potential
contaminants on the surface of your
metal if there is grease or rust on
there your welds will be more splattery
than dads Sunday bacon but not nearly as
tasty to get a good arc weld you need
enough current to melt the metal but not
so much that you blow clean through you
need proper shielding gas coverage to
prevent air getting in and also loads of
practice if you want to know a bit more
maybe watch this video by this old Tony
he might not be a professional but in my
opinion that whole accredited schooling
thing is a bit of a racket anyway when
you're welding you need to cover all
your exposed skin anything that's not
covered will get sunburned and it's not
fun particularly in January
and so this guy when it senses an
article darken automatically to whatever
shaded aside I think you should go away
now
I don't want to embarrass myself well
Collins back at the shop getting started
on welding I'm heading to the metal Mart
and getting some aluminum it's all going
to be cut to size so we should just be
put it on either riveted or screw it
depending on which one it is
and our job shouldn't be all that hard
at least as far as that's concerned
so we just got some TIG rod that's the
right size for the welds that we need to
do in the steel and they didn't have any
general purpose stuff there so we now
have the premium grade stuff that's
normally used for offshore piping and
nuclear power plants so what we're doing
before we actually push the whole thing
together and weld is we're just tacking
everything so this means we're putting
little tiny dab welds on all the joints
and we're gonna tack it all together
loosely and if something goes wrong or
we screw up an angle we can just tap it
out it will cut it then once we're happy
with everything we'll go back and
actually finish weld everything now to
do that we're using welding rod and a
trick of my old buddy Dave taught me
back when I was young is to put a little
bend like this and all your welding rods
so that way when it goes down on a table
no matter which way it lands you always
have something to pick up when you have
welding gloves on
and lacking in clamps we have a box it's
nothing too incredible like it's not the
straightest box
in the world but it's actually not
moving around right now so it's really
not that bad we need some better clamps
to get everything at perfect 90 degrees
but yeah whatever
next time the router is about to make us
the holes for all the fans to go in I
want to cut some ltte logos in it so it
looks you know pretty cool this tape
that we're using is actually supposed to
hold carpets in place so I just did the
math we're going to get about 4,000
pounds of force to lift this I don't
think it's coming off I think this looks
awesome I just have to be careful not to
you know bend the whole thing while I
try and get it off
I'm just wiring things no one's
interested in wiring things there's a
hot side there's a neutral side they
they go together that's it I pulled a
bit of an engineer on you in the sense
that I drew something in SolidWorks
right clicked it hit weld and just
didn't think about it again this has
been rough I went through probably half
a packet Tungsten's experimentation
throwing things across the shop getting
angry storming out coming back in trying
again storming out and I figured out my
issue I had a little bit of a gas
coverage issue I had choked out too far
on the tungsten and now I'm actually
making semi decent welds but really good
I don't think so
nope the biggest problem with the
current you know this is the chances of
getting electrocuted if you get anywhere
close to it you touch that you touch
this you know water spills out onto the
table and you touch like the table
you're done to take care of all of that
I got these wonderful terminal blocks
they're really overkill but these are
going to handle like live and neutral
and then ground we only have one ground
lead so I'm just gonna put that right to
the chassis here the thing that really
is going to save our butts though this
is a ground fault circuit interrupter or
or GFCI this is kind of like what you'd
find in like your bathroom you know the
one that's annoying that always does the
pop thing that's so you don't get
electrocuted basically how this works is
that it's constantly monitoring the
current going into the live and out of
the neutral so if it sees that there's a
difference between those two it means
that maybe currents going like between
this chassis and my body in which case
it's like pop and instead of me getting
electrocuted I just need to go over and
hit reset a luxury boom has a really
good video on this if you want to figure
out how it works a bit better but this
should save our bacon in the case that's
something in here leaks we're gonna have
to bend these a fish to get this in the
middle button worse case scenario we
vent a bunch of you know dangerous gases
into the atmosphere and I was thinking
that we would just reuse these rubbers
but the problem is that they're they're
kind of they're kind of used yeah you
don't want to reuse rub there's no every
bad might just be the easiest way to do
this yeah it was kind of I was thinking
too mm-hmm
a little bit too much wobble rubber is
just a little big ok I'm gonna no you
know what we should just get some bigger
studs studs for your rubbers yeah yeah
so the plan was to use some power
switches that we had just laying around
but while I was out to get this big old
terminal I also got two of these guys
functionally it's no different but man
don't know if you can hear that but like
it's pretty funny seeing Linus's angle
grinding skills from when he was just a
young in kind of could've really used
some deeper think I think that'll cut
[Music]
to mark out the holes here I've just
gone to measured everything from these
two edges because I know that they're
although maybe not perfect they're
better than the ones that I did with the
angle grinder we'll just do the last one
here just used some layout die and the
the cheap calipers described everything
and then we'll just Center punch and
drill it I've made a plate that holds
the compressor and we're going to make
sure that the stud pattern fits before I
take weld this all together and we start
actually making mounts for everything
that's gonna go in the box that we made
so I'm just going to measure confirm
mark out then we'll tack it through weld
it and we'll put the plate on it done
pump mount yep
almost done I don't know weld is done
tubing yes yes would you be definitely
it's 5:30 okay we're supposed to go home
now this is kind of like to speak now or
forever hold your peace moment I know
you and I had discussed the inlet and
outlet and there were two key items so
does the is the pump oriented this way
more like this way so yeah we need a
port here for the inlet of the pump is
that the plan perfect okay then the cool
it needs to come in here that way we
have the coolant flowing across the evap
because what I've observed is that if I
have it configured the other way which I
have actually done in the past just to
experiment with it it really does cause
problems like there's a significant
difference in temperature across the two
sides of the tank now we're gonna have
to sew it just one for the pump one for
everything else
okay are we gonna have a temp probe
separate from the one for the thermostat
that's just into the water and just has
a Rio I wasn't planning on it but it's
pretty easy to do
this is gonna be insulated yep cool I
would probably have actually a lot of my
airflow coming in right here and then
the pump also needs cooling so I would
probably have it coming in here but then
not over here where all the cold things
are all right is that all you guys need
before sweet doing no I don't know where
the putty is this happened why did it
start
Oh God
I made a boo-boo by pulling this thing
in and out of the chassis like 15 times
we fatigue failed the tube and now it's
leaking all the refrigerant atmosphere
sorry mother earth all of that
refrigerant is now gone so we need to
get it recharged or remade or I don't
know buy another one
things are bad about two weeks ago I
thought this project was totally done
we spewed r22 all over this place which
is bad for the environment and it turns
out our 22 isn't exactly easy to get
because it's really bad for the
environment I thought we were done but
it turns out that Brian here just has 22
pounds of it just sitting around 24
surprise I do refrigeration now yeah so
now we have to tap these valves onto
here pressurize it find out where the
leak is fix the leak with acetylene then
fill it with our 22 and we'll be good
this here's the point of the build where
we know we have to do you know what we
have to do so it's just about getting er
done
I actually haven't seen this in quite
some time you guys have made some real
progress here casters aren't mounted yet
nope do they lock yes hey and it's a
head of the Mac Pro already got him yeah
we still have a bit of time to you know
change things around so that's why we
have the Linus review yeah Nikolas
really killed it on a little Nobby come
there I like it beautiful fundamentally
here's how it works
our old air conditioning unit has its
compressor it's got a hot side and it's
got a cold side so these fans cool the
hot side and the cold side sits immersed
in this toilet plumbing reservoir that
we've got right here then we've got a
typical water loop except that it's
going to be as cool as nearly minus 30
degrees Celsius so this pump right here
which is validated for use with the
obviously not water coolant that we're
gonna be using probably windshield
de-icer it's gonna pull that fluid in
here then it's a simple matter of
plumbing it up to whatever computer it
is that we're trying to chill these
switches turn on the AC and the pump
independently that's really good because
if you want to just like make sure the
AC is working everything at the coolant
chilled that
nice and then if you want to run your
pump later that's pretty cool turning
off your pump it's good stuff
this dial is actually part of the
original mechanism so it's just a good
old classic super analog thermostat
doodad
so we chuck that down there and now
it'll automatically turn our compressor
on and off depending on how cool we want
our coolant to be and that's where my
questions start have you guys given much
thought to condensation in this thing
everything here is going to be insulated
and it's all along the bottom and then
there's a drain port down on the bottom
here this is all going to be insulated
so hopefully it doesn't get too bad but
if it does at least you'll be able to
see you know water coming out of the
drain port instead of water getting to
the electronics on the other side are
you insulating this spray foam oh yeah
the RGB was such a pain like look at all
of the cable and that has to be there
jammed in there sophisticated jank I'm
not a fan what were you guys thinking
here what do you mean this like gooey
crap why did you why did you put a hole
in the reservoir why did you just bring
it in from the top well because it's the
thermal probe it needs to be able to get
the coolant temperature like in the
middle it's also a tap toll it's like a
thermal probe that's threaded that's
like put through okay are we ready to
test yeah oh boy I don't see it going
into the tubes which is making me a
little uneasy because this is a lot of
water that I'm pouring and I don't know
where it is oh this is a really big tank
yeah you guys should have done a smaller
tank why should we do this all the time
more thermal mass no no that's bad
because it takes way longer to cool it
down
well it's smaller than the other one so
the good news is it definitely prompt
the prom
oh it's also leaking yeah it's also
leaking the point was to leak test it
well you know leak test it a bit well
yeah we leave tested it it failed well
just you know let's make sure all this
electronic stuff is not too close to it
yeah I should be fine yeah okay so wait
so the fans go on immediately there's no
switch for them I figure that you just
always want our gb that's fair okay so
we should hook something out up to this
yeah okay well that seems to be working
all right I'm going to go grab some
fittings for the BRB we don't gush too
much water while we put them on yeah I
guess that if you wanted well I get
those you could always try and you know
stop the pump from leaking oh I put a
clock there good job after Brian did the
repair you guys checked and made sure
the hot side gets hot and the cold side
gets cold right yeah like I sent you
that picture of the cold side getting
all condensation right
we tipped it yes you need to wait
you shouldn't tip a compressor and then
run it again immediately I think it has
more to do with lubricants and oils or
something I'm not an expert I just know
that you're not supposed to do that
BRB all right well I guess while we wait
for the compressor to do its thing
should we drain it all right here it
goes
probably just put it on the ground yep
wait the flow we have yeah it's training
so we left it for a few hours let's see
if the AC works works way better if you
plug it in I read it all of the
electrical in here it's way less sketchy
look at this it's held in with zip ties
now cool I think it's getting cold I
could be imagining it I am fairly
certain it's getting cold it's also
grounded now remember last time how I
was just like dangling mcdhh angling I
see that capacitor is still just hanging
yeah at it faster so but it's like you
know it's mostly hidden I love that we
spent all this time and money on this
thing and it's still jank maybe that was
just its destiny it's way less J it's
less scary oh good god okay that was a
bit of a miscalculation the point was to
leak test it we can't leak test it when
it's soaked
oh is that fitting dripping I don't know
it's covering water so I guess we could
also test the pump right yeah ready and
one two three well that did its job
pretty fast
yep for better or for worse this is the
new and improved chiller yeah do you
want to describe the final product right
now I would love to everything I'm
saying right now is a guess but I
imagine a gorgeously painted monolithic
cube of cooling prowess with a massive
four gallon reservoir industrial
switches for independent control the AC
and pump a thermistor port so that we
can measure
internal temperatures of the reservoir
and of course a gorgeous pink
temperature control dial all held in
place with a pristine combination of
zip-ties electrical tape and hook and
loop straps LTTE store comm
fundamentally what we're looking at is
exactly the same thing that I built in
my in-laws backyard 15 years ago but
with a degree of refinement so now
instead of carrying it around in pieces
and risking slicing your hand open you
can carry it around as one big piece and
risk slicing your hand open but at least
less risk of slicing your hand open and
no exposed capacitors so hopefully we're
gonna be bringing you guys some great
sub-zero cooled projects over the next
little bit here with this thing and if
not well it can always sit in the
Indiana Jones warehouse until we finally
do need it because we actually use it
like quite a bit sometimes
yeah I'd say quarterly the d-bots Osmo
features carpet detection technology
which allows it to avoid your carpets
while it's mopping and increased suction
for a deeper clean once in the vacuuming
phase it's programmable to scheduled
cleaning custom modes you can even set
it to use extra water for the mopping
process it's got up to a 200 minute
runtime and will return to its base to
charge at the end of its battery life
alibaba.com offers a wide variety of
suppliers all over the world from the
u.s. to Italy to India and even more
remember to check out the March Expo
2020 on alibaba.com for more than
300,000 new products we got to give this
a crack with the 64 core thread over oh
yeah yeah that's the kind of thing that
can justify a 1200 watt cooling system
to LAN parties and it remains the most
potent cooler here at Linus tech tips
but to say it's sketchy would be an
understatement
we've got sharp edges we've got no
grounding we've got an extremely
dangerous exposed capacitor and it also
doesn't look too great but today that
changes no longer will we have to cart
around the ugly carcass of an air
conditioner to cool our computers
because now we can cart around the ugly
carcass of an old air conditioner in a
fancy enclosure this is the chill inator
v2 let's get to building it you can tell
it's already better than a Mac Pro
because it has wheels that lock
[Music]
check out the e Kovacs D bought Osmo
robot vacuum on alibaba.com they've also
got their March Expo 2020 happening
which features more than 35,000 global
suppliers online of course check them
out now at the link below so I'd like to
say that we have a really legit complete
plan but we really don't so basically
the idea is you know hot side here cold
side here some steel that you have in
your hands we cut it weld it and
hopefully it all fits together
how does welding work the easiest way to
describe it is you're just pushing
electricity and well with aluminum we're
pushing it both in and out of the
material so we're just throwing
lightning at things really I know I know
some of you might be confused did he
really just say that welding is throwing
lightning at things well let's look at
how welding actually works so you can go
from a regular Bruce to a zappy zapping
Zeus see mastering welding much like
mastering the Kama Sutra is more about
careful balance and making sure
everything is clean than pure power when
exposed to the air the molten metal in a
weld can react with the oxygen nitrogen
and hydrogen contained in the atmosphere
become very porous and splatter all over
the place the same goes for potential
contaminants on the surface of your
metal if there is grease or rust on
there your welds will be more splattery
than dads Sunday bacon but not nearly as
tasty to get a good arc weld you need
enough current to melt the metal but not
so much that you blow clean through you
need proper shielding gas coverage to
prevent air getting in and also loads of
practice if you want to know a bit more
maybe watch this video by this old Tony
he might not be a professional but in my
opinion that whole accredited schooling
thing is a bit of a racket anyway when
you're welding you need to cover all
your exposed skin anything that's not
covered will get sunburned and it's not
fun particularly in January
and so this guy when it senses an
article darken automatically to whatever
shaded aside I think you should go away
now
I don't want to embarrass myself well
Collins back at the shop getting started
on welding I'm heading to the metal Mart
and getting some aluminum it's all going
to be cut to size so we should just be
put it on either riveted or screw it
depending on which one it is
and our job shouldn't be all that hard
at least as far as that's concerned
so we just got some TIG rod that's the
right size for the welds that we need to
do in the steel and they didn't have any
general purpose stuff there so we now
have the premium grade stuff that's
normally used for offshore piping and
nuclear power plants so what we're doing
before we actually push the whole thing
together and weld is we're just tacking
everything so this means we're putting
little tiny dab welds on all the joints
and we're gonna tack it all together
loosely and if something goes wrong or
we screw up an angle we can just tap it
out it will cut it then once we're happy
with everything we'll go back and
actually finish weld everything now to
do that we're using welding rod and a
trick of my old buddy Dave taught me
back when I was young is to put a little
bend like this and all your welding rods
so that way when it goes down on a table
no matter which way it lands you always
have something to pick up when you have
welding gloves on
and lacking in clamps we have a box it's
nothing too incredible like it's not the
straightest box
in the world but it's actually not
moving around right now so it's really
not that bad we need some better clamps
to get everything at perfect 90 degrees
but yeah whatever
next time the router is about to make us
the holes for all the fans to go in I
want to cut some ltte logos in it so it
looks you know pretty cool this tape
that we're using is actually supposed to
hold carpets in place so I just did the
math we're going to get about 4,000
pounds of force to lift this I don't
think it's coming off I think this looks
awesome I just have to be careful not to
you know bend the whole thing while I
try and get it off
I'm just wiring things no one's
interested in wiring things there's a
hot side there's a neutral side they
they go together that's it I pulled a
bit of an engineer on you in the sense
that I drew something in SolidWorks
right clicked it hit weld and just
didn't think about it again this has
been rough I went through probably half
a packet Tungsten's experimentation
throwing things across the shop getting
angry storming out coming back in trying
again storming out and I figured out my
issue I had a little bit of a gas
coverage issue I had choked out too far
on the tungsten and now I'm actually
making semi decent welds but really good
I don't think so
nope the biggest problem with the
current you know this is the chances of
getting electrocuted if you get anywhere
close to it you touch that you touch
this you know water spills out onto the
table and you touch like the table
you're done to take care of all of that
I got these wonderful terminal blocks
they're really overkill but these are
going to handle like live and neutral
and then ground we only have one ground
lead so I'm just gonna put that right to
the chassis here the thing that really
is going to save our butts though this
is a ground fault circuit interrupter or
or GFCI this is kind of like what you'd
find in like your bathroom you know the
one that's annoying that always does the
pop thing that's so you don't get
electrocuted basically how this works is
that it's constantly monitoring the
current going into the live and out of
the neutral so if it sees that there's a
difference between those two it means
that maybe currents going like between
this chassis and my body in which case
it's like pop and instead of me getting
electrocuted I just need to go over and
hit reset a luxury boom has a really
good video on this if you want to figure
out how it works a bit better but this
should save our bacon in the case that's
something in here leaks we're gonna have
to bend these a fish to get this in the
middle button worse case scenario we
vent a bunch of you know dangerous gases
into the atmosphere and I was thinking
that we would just reuse these rubbers
but the problem is that they're they're
kind of they're kind of used yeah you
don't want to reuse rub there's no every
bad might just be the easiest way to do
this yeah it was kind of I was thinking
too mm-hmm
a little bit too much wobble rubber is
just a little big ok I'm gonna no you
know what we should just get some bigger
studs studs for your rubbers yeah yeah
so the plan was to use some power
switches that we had just laying around
but while I was out to get this big old
terminal I also got two of these guys
functionally it's no different but man
don't know if you can hear that but like
it's pretty funny seeing Linus's angle
grinding skills from when he was just a
young in kind of could've really used
some deeper think I think that'll cut
[Music]
to mark out the holes here I've just
gone to measured everything from these
two edges because I know that they're
although maybe not perfect they're
better than the ones that I did with the
angle grinder we'll just do the last one
here just used some layout die and the
the cheap calipers described everything
and then we'll just Center punch and
drill it I've made a plate that holds
the compressor and we're going to make
sure that the stud pattern fits before I
take weld this all together and we start
actually making mounts for everything
that's gonna go in the box that we made
so I'm just going to measure confirm
mark out then we'll tack it through weld
it and we'll put the plate on it done
pump mount yep
almost done I don't know weld is done
tubing yes yes would you be definitely
it's 5:30 okay we're supposed to go home
now this is kind of like to speak now or
forever hold your peace moment I know
you and I had discussed the inlet and
outlet and there were two key items so
does the is the pump oriented this way
more like this way so yeah we need a
port here for the inlet of the pump is
that the plan perfect okay then the cool
it needs to come in here that way we
have the coolant flowing across the evap
because what I've observed is that if I
have it configured the other way which I
have actually done in the past just to
experiment with it it really does cause
problems like there's a significant
difference in temperature across the two
sides of the tank now we're gonna have
to sew it just one for the pump one for
everything else
okay are we gonna have a temp probe
separate from the one for the thermostat
that's just into the water and just has
a Rio I wasn't planning on it but it's
pretty easy to do
this is gonna be insulated yep cool I
would probably have actually a lot of my
airflow coming in right here and then
the pump also needs cooling so I would
probably have it coming in here but then
not over here where all the cold things
are all right is that all you guys need
before sweet doing no I don't know where
the putty is this happened why did it
start
Oh God
I made a boo-boo by pulling this thing
in and out of the chassis like 15 times
we fatigue failed the tube and now it's
leaking all the refrigerant atmosphere
sorry mother earth all of that
refrigerant is now gone so we need to
get it recharged or remade or I don't
know buy another one
things are bad about two weeks ago I
thought this project was totally done
we spewed r22 all over this place which
is bad for the environment and it turns
out our 22 isn't exactly easy to get
because it's really bad for the
environment I thought we were done but
it turns out that Brian here just has 22
pounds of it just sitting around 24
surprise I do refrigeration now yeah so
now we have to tap these valves onto
here pressurize it find out where the
leak is fix the leak with acetylene then
fill it with our 22 and we'll be good
this here's the point of the build where
we know we have to do you know what we
have to do so it's just about getting er
done
I actually haven't seen this in quite
some time you guys have made some real
progress here casters aren't mounted yet
nope do they lock yes hey and it's a
head of the Mac Pro already got him yeah
we still have a bit of time to you know
change things around so that's why we
have the Linus review yeah Nikolas
really killed it on a little Nobby come
there I like it beautiful fundamentally
here's how it works
our old air conditioning unit has its
compressor it's got a hot side and it's
got a cold side so these fans cool the
hot side and the cold side sits immersed
in this toilet plumbing reservoir that
we've got right here then we've got a
typical water loop except that it's
going to be as cool as nearly minus 30
degrees Celsius so this pump right here
which is validated for use with the
obviously not water coolant that we're
gonna be using probably windshield
de-icer it's gonna pull that fluid in
here then it's a simple matter of
plumbing it up to whatever computer it
is that we're trying to chill these
switches turn on the AC and the pump
independently that's really good because
if you want to just like make sure the
AC is working everything at the coolant
chilled that
nice and then if you want to run your
pump later that's pretty cool turning
off your pump it's good stuff
this dial is actually part of the
original mechanism so it's just a good
old classic super analog thermostat
doodad
so we chuck that down there and now
it'll automatically turn our compressor
on and off depending on how cool we want
our coolant to be and that's where my
questions start have you guys given much
thought to condensation in this thing
everything here is going to be insulated
and it's all along the bottom and then
there's a drain port down on the bottom
here this is all going to be insulated
so hopefully it doesn't get too bad but
if it does at least you'll be able to
see you know water coming out of the
drain port instead of water getting to
the electronics on the other side are
you insulating this spray foam oh yeah
the RGB was such a pain like look at all
of the cable and that has to be there
jammed in there sophisticated jank I'm
not a fan what were you guys thinking
here what do you mean this like gooey
crap why did you why did you put a hole
in the reservoir why did you just bring
it in from the top well because it's the
thermal probe it needs to be able to get
the coolant temperature like in the
middle it's also a tap toll it's like a
thermal probe that's threaded that's
like put through okay are we ready to
test yeah oh boy I don't see it going
into the tubes which is making me a
little uneasy because this is a lot of
water that I'm pouring and I don't know
where it is oh this is a really big tank
yeah you guys should have done a smaller
tank why should we do this all the time
more thermal mass no no that's bad
because it takes way longer to cool it
down
well it's smaller than the other one so
the good news is it definitely prompt
the prom
oh it's also leaking yeah it's also
leaking the point was to leak test it
well you know leak test it a bit well
yeah we leave tested it it failed well
just you know let's make sure all this
electronic stuff is not too close to it
yeah I should be fine yeah okay so wait
so the fans go on immediately there's no
switch for them I figure that you just
always want our gb that's fair okay so
we should hook something out up to this
yeah okay well that seems to be working
all right I'm going to go grab some
fittings for the BRB we don't gush too
much water while we put them on yeah I
guess that if you wanted well I get
those you could always try and you know
stop the pump from leaking oh I put a
clock there good job after Brian did the
repair you guys checked and made sure
the hot side gets hot and the cold side
gets cold right yeah like I sent you
that picture of the cold side getting
all condensation right
we tipped it yes you need to wait
you shouldn't tip a compressor and then
run it again immediately I think it has
more to do with lubricants and oils or
something I'm not an expert I just know
that you're not supposed to do that
BRB all right well I guess while we wait
for the compressor to do its thing
should we drain it all right here it
goes
probably just put it on the ground yep
wait the flow we have yeah it's training
so we left it for a few hours let's see
if the AC works works way better if you
plug it in I read it all of the
electrical in here it's way less sketchy
look at this it's held in with zip ties
now cool I think it's getting cold I
could be imagining it I am fairly
certain it's getting cold it's also
grounded now remember last time how I
was just like dangling mcdhh angling I
see that capacitor is still just hanging
yeah at it faster so but it's like you
know it's mostly hidden I love that we
spent all this time and money on this
thing and it's still jank maybe that was
just its destiny it's way less J it's
less scary oh good god okay that was a
bit of a miscalculation the point was to
leak test it we can't leak test it when
it's soaked
oh is that fitting dripping I don't know
it's covering water so I guess we could
also test the pump right yeah ready and
one two three well that did its job
pretty fast
yep for better or for worse this is the
new and improved chiller yeah do you
want to describe the final product right
now I would love to everything I'm
saying right now is a guess but I
imagine a gorgeously painted monolithic
cube of cooling prowess with a massive
four gallon reservoir industrial
switches for independent control the AC
and pump a thermistor port so that we
can measure
internal temperatures of the reservoir
and of course a gorgeous pink
temperature control dial all held in
place with a pristine combination of
zip-ties electrical tape and hook and
loop straps LTTE store comm
fundamentally what we're looking at is
exactly the same thing that I built in
my in-laws backyard 15 years ago but
with a degree of refinement so now
instead of carrying it around in pieces
and risking slicing your hand open you
can carry it around as one big piece and
risk slicing your hand open but at least
less risk of slicing your hand open and
no exposed capacitors so hopefully we're
gonna be bringing you guys some great
sub-zero cooled projects over the next
little bit here with this thing and if
not well it can always sit in the
Indiana Jones warehouse until we finally
do need it because we actually use it
like quite a bit sometimes
yeah I'd say quarterly the d-bots Osmo
features carpet detection technology
which allows it to avoid your carpets
while it's mopping and increased suction
for a deeper clean once in the vacuuming
phase it's programmable to scheduled
cleaning custom modes you can even set
it to use extra water for the mopping
process it's got up to a 200 minute
runtime and will return to its base to
charge at the end of its battery life
alibaba.com offers a wide variety of
suppliers all over the world from the
u.s. to Italy to India and even more
remember to check out the March Expo
2020 on alibaba.com for more than
300,000 new products we got to give this
a crack with the 64 core thread over oh
yeah yeah that's the kind of thing that
can justify a 1200 watt cooling system
t in our server room 00:00:45.210 --> 00:00:47.600
mmissioned servers 00:00:50.760 --> 00:00:53.180
 Lysoling the
to you by GlassWire,
badly behaving apps on your PC
 code LINUS to 
olunteer contributors 00:01:16.630 --> 00:01:18.930
e the server plays in all this.
re folding your machine says, 00:01:27.150 --> 00:01:29.380

off to you then you go ahead,
okay I'm ready for you.
Folding@Home project
actually need a few things.
ome recommends and eight core CPU 00:02:01.610 --> 00:02:03.260
nna be upgrading the one in here.
 recommend about 
 to our machine 00:02:17.650 --> 00:02:20.650
ourse a fast internet connection
e we got 10 gigabyte ethernet 00:02:30.870 --> 00:02:32.500
out the 32 gigs of RAM
urse we're gonna 
e got in here 00:02:47.640 --> 00:02:51.500
originally deployed it

ns that if 
arn near base speeds 00:03:13.140 --> 00:03:15.950
re actually
gigabit and five gigabit

seems like as good a time as any
e got in here? 00:03:43.080 --> 00:03:45.110
edundant power supply 00:03:47.870 --> 00:03:49.670
powers on after our upgrade.

mpleted config 00:04:05.780 --> 00:04:08.870
ews and this seems like
e it is! 00:04:20.290 --> 00:04:23.647
28 thread processor 00:04:30.060 --> 00:04:32.440

 he included a little cleaning pad
t gonna bother with that 00:04:45.410 --> 00:04:48.050
t's a small hand

his motherboard 00:05:00.080 --> 00:05:01.510
 thing 'cause it
sed to be more of like a ,

PU upgrade is done 00:05:24.340 --> 00:05:25.890
of these servers
memory are all beefed up
ours with eight of these
96 terabytes of raw space

nstall drives in 00:06:00.100 --> 00:06:02.940

es care of our capacity
in ZFS RAID, they're 
grade comes in 00:06:26.920 --> 00:06:29.880
e gonna be using the other 64 gigs
echanical drives 00:06:42.322 --> 00:06:45.150
n't know, whatever,

ave used them for tons of things

l Intel Optane 905p 96 gig SSD.
n our RAM and our SSD 00:07:19.650 --> 00:07:22.750
rmance bottlenecks 00:07:26.600 --> 00:07:28.490

alized that puts it right up
's no cooling fan there 00:07:41.340 --> 00:07:43.700
ed to being farther away from

n HBA doesn't 
s to your motherboard, 00:08:01.960 --> 00:08:05.340
byte per second through
software configuration
 the things we could do is 00:08:17.210 --> 00:08:19.380

mething that 
r extra CPU horsepower to enable
a network limitation
ze we just don't 
is puppy up, there we go,
the whole thing 
gonna be like the

 I don't actually
d of ghetto but whatever.
t gonna look at what Linus did 00:09:28.840 --> 00:09:31.363
y.
the thermal 
 in for IPMI so we

s P 00:10:13.574 --> 00:10:15.503

igs of RAM,

nly does it do
lso handles how all the physical
 to ensure the integrity 
nna create our zpool.

 lose any data 00:11:04.167 --> 00:11:06.480
n't have to wait for that,
ns we're gonna 
 paste, enter and 00:11:18.089 --> 00:11:19.050
e in there.
partitioning and what have you,

e trying to do 00:11:37.620 --> 00:11:38.640
ing software,

realistically our network
we have to turn it off,
sort of last step, 00:11:57.890 --> 00:11:59.703

ache drive are 
to access our Folding server
was pretty easy but 
erver to eat up 00:12:21.600 --> 00:12:23.350
how this works on the laptop.

e looking at 230 down and 200 up

na go into our two rules here 00:12:46.270 --> 00:12:48.577
et that to five 00:12:52.668 --> 00:12:55.003
00.310 --> 00:13:02.330

set it up on our actual server 00:13:12.000 --> 00:13:14.120
firewall rules set up,

as you can see, 00:13:25.030 --> 00:13:28.960
e gonna be checking out how well
give me the good news 00:13:36.830 --> 00:13:38.940
 help with that or

 of other things,
there's us but if 
ans work units are available.
for the first five days it was up 00:14:05.170 --> 00:14:07.310
o longer the
much usage have we got?

ike up quite a bit 00:14:23.300 --> 00:14:25.520
d then if we scroll out actually
:14:33.553 --> 00:14:35.260
different work servers
l network bandwidth 00:14:43.620 --> 00:14:47.000
 talk together 00:14:48.570 --> 00:14:49.800
 checked this morning

t more of a picture 00:15:01.570 --> 00:15:05.480
y filling 00:15:07.990 --> 00:15:11.260
d back to the disks 00:15:13.310 --> 00:15:15.980
 only been like

rom the primary cache 00:15:27.570 --> 00:15:28.720

be contributed 00:15:37.970 --> 00:15:39.760
uys are gonna

that 40 grand 00:15:54.040 --> 00:15:56.420
hat's correct,
lready know, yes (laughs) 00:16:03.020 --> 00:16:05.780
 to our team stats 00:16:09.230 --> 00:16:11.340
nna leave this server running
you go now Jake 00:16:17.190 --> 00:16:20.550
GMR-54X-ISO Gaming Headset
 audiophile approved 00:16:29.790 --> 00:16:32.030
ou positional queues
 some changes 
ved comfort 00:16:43.140 --> 00:16:45.990
oom mic works 00:16:48.330 --> 00:16:52.450
up on drop 00:16:55.100 --> 00:16:57.680
s for watching guys.
ck out our 
d to a server, that's 
think I thought someone's like got their
toe smashed or something ah no so what
happened there was I actually spilled
water into the underside of the back
plate of not one but multiple GPUs that
are all attached together with this big
like manifold the to the GPU stack of
Titan V's yeah when they're all attached
that way they're not cheap GPUs and
they're not easy to get at and dry out
that towers like this big you just like
rocket like train yeah it was that was
not a lot of fun but the reason that
today was a great day stressful the
reason today was a great day was that we
came through in the end
that's all that matters to me that video
is done yeah but we were supposed to do
another one that video is we were
supposed to do two more but that video
is done wait no we're supposed to get
seven and we got six right yeah so we're
good and that video is dug and and and
it's for a good cause and I have more
good news so this is a bit of a spoiler
for the video sorry I'd keep creeping
closer to James we're trying to maintain
our one to two meters here anyway so
this is a bit of a spoiler for the video
but it's like an ultimate folding at
home machine so we're using the six
workstations one CPU rig to run folding
at home and it's also kind of like a
quick and easy guide for how you guys
can get set up folding preferably of
course for the LTTE folding team but it
actually doesn't matter that much as
long as you're folding the folding
project is contributing to the kovat 19
pandemic right now so it's totally a
good cause
contributing to combating it yes thank
you
it's a Friday we got all weekend to set
our machines up so remember to do that
yeah I
having a set lineup it even has this it
has a setting in the app so that you can
tell it don't operate when I'm actually
using my computer because well that used
to be a problem where you would set it
to a low priority but it would still
kind of derp when you're trying to play
a game and stuff so now it's just you
can set it so that when your machines
idle it'll run it when it's not it won't
run if I already have that folding at
home
get the latest client okay yeah just
make sure you get the latest client but
yeah so what's really cool though is
that in us trying to do this what we
discovered is that the folding project
has a big problem the problem is that
it's basically ten xed since the Kovach
19 thing took off and they've got so
many users that are trying to submit
completed work units that their servers
are choking on it so what's awesome is
that in doing this project we found this
problem because we were getting terrible
numbers out of 6 Titan V's and 56 CPU
cores more like what's going on and it
turns out we weren't able to submit so
we actually contacted them and we are
working with them to roll our own server
and so what's the flow then we're
solving little puzzles yes our machine
here and like we're solving protein
folding simulations basically and once
they're done you have to submit them yes
go to the server else where it could be
like verified or just like put into an
archive or something exactly where they
can actually analyze them and see if the
data is useful so basically they've run
out of bandwidth and so we contacted
them we were like hey so we want to do
this video showing this but we can't
even show this ultimate folding rig
because we can't submit enough work
units is there way for us to set up a
folding recipient server here at our
office and they were like yes so we are
so part two of this project which should
actually be easier than the one we just
did because that machine has been
sitting in mothballs for ages and was
kind of broken but part two is we're
actually going to be building a server
utilizing our 10 gig connection here so
we'll partition off a big chunk of it
and then you need a bunch of storage you
need a big fat internet pipe and we will
actually be able to contribute on the
other side of the equation there
then no no there's another level say
we're pretty set up to do that that's
pretty good yeah so we got in touch with
our ISP to put some security stuff in
place to make it so that when we do that
it's not gonna open us up to just any
unnecessary vulnerabilities we're like
hey just doing our due diligence let's
make sure we're doing this right and
they go oh wow that sounds like a really
cool project we'd love to get involved I
can't share too many details but there
could be a part three where we we 10x it
again okay and anyway so I've got this
side or a different site it would be off
site here we've okay we can't get a
hundred gigabit pipe in here I mean
maybe we could but I actually don't know
like several I have no idea but my
understanding is it's multiple servers
and they're all just running like
gigabit connections yeah so so we would
be contributing so we would be
contributing hardware and we'd obviously
be trying to find partners to help us
build up these servers and then our ISP
is working with some of their partners
to help us get bandwidth and then I'm
trying to work with drive provider I've
reached out to Seagate they might be
interested to get the storage that we
need and then we basically try to have
these rolled for the next I mean those
guys are probably gonna want their stuff
back eventually and you know once
there's some big breakthroughs in code
19 we might not need all this
computational power for that project but
we'd like to keep it rolled out for at
least a little while man it'd be amazing
if this community contributed
significantly to a breakthrough like
that I mean it has on other projects so
it's a really important thing like if
you're gonna use your idle cycles for
something better that then crypto mining
quite frankly that's wicked oh we should
totally talk about what we're gonna talk
about on the show today
yeah the land show hey you got him
DirectX 12 ultimate unveiled Xbox series
Xbox unveil the two things hand-in-glove
yes that's right what else we got Game
Stop apparently thinks they're an
essential sir
have to close Lordy that's interesting
and also beware of folding at home
phishing and Malware not the real one so
you google folding at home you go to
that website the first hit and you
download the client off there but there
have been some scams going around just
like this scam rolling our intro boom
you're just like wired for segue I know
rich just can't turn a sec my dad Ernie
never dies jeans
such as - you were on a pulse way at
I actually do know that because I was on
site for two days oh yeah you were there
when they come dude yeah I was terrible
[Music]
they seem to have put a lot of spent
behind that spot sweet all right so
let's you know what I think one of the
first things I'd like to address I
wasn't on the show last week was I last
week what's he doing where were you last
week I well Lucas type self isolating
yes because he thought he might have
been exposed he's well he's a couple of
degrees of separation away from somebody
who was confirmed I think okay god he's
so he's playing it safe yeah
where the heck were you I don't know
anyway I wasn't on last week so I wanted
to take this opportunity to talk about
you went home early oh that's right yep
I remember where I was so I had a bit of
a situation with my cat who got it was
an accident but I still consider it to
be a fairly negligent thing to do law
calls that manslaughter yeah when it's
man so we call like cat slaughter but my
cat was was killed by my my children's
caretaker last Friday she accidentally
ran him through the clothes dryer so if
you follow me on Twitter you'll already
know about that we did our best
Yvonne left work immediately after we
found out took him to the vet they had
him in the oxygen chamber and everything
like we were just like look he's a young
cat quite honestly like just do whatever
you need to do our vets really good like
they wouldn't send us a you know 15,000
dollar bill they're they're not idiots
but in fact our vet is amazing I'm not
gonna call out her name because I don't
know if she would want me to she's kind
of more of a private person but I will
say massive shout-out to Fraser Heights
Animal Hospital those guys are awesome
the the guy that runs it is actually a
long longtime family friend and his
staff is amazing they're all amazing
just great people there but it was a
real test and professionalism because I
was speaking the editor we happen to be
filming a video while this was unfolding
and Yvonne left and then was messaging
Linus all these updates of this evolving
situation and obviously Linus was really
affected by it
we kept happy to go okay high energy
level make a video that people are gonna
want it watch and I spoke to the editor
of that video it was like it was
traumatizing to watch like the Lions
keep getting these updates and and then
you eventually left yeah I were on the
show so we decided to go just because
it's all like sort of our son's cat and
we basically decided that whether he
lived or died at this point so he was
like that yeah whether the cat lived or
died he was like in an oxygen chamber
his breathing was elevated his kidneys
and liver were both damaged according to
the blood work that they did bring as
well yeah we needed to be there to let
our son know because he was like his cat
he sleeps in his bed every night and
like he's the first thing so we were at
Disneyland a little while ago and the
first thing that my son said when we
were on our way back from the airport
was I want to see shadow and I was like
you know great I mean at that time that
was that was possible so anyway that
that's what I was dealing with last
Friday so that's why I wasn't on when
show we actually got the call when we
were driving home and we managed to we
were only a few minutes after my son
arrived home so he didn't have time to
kind of ask too many questions and we
just kind of took them all upstairs and
explained what happened and sorry you
got the call that the cat had passed
yeah okay we have to explain to your
kids it's all Utah one thing in that and
they know I was driving up 184 and the
vet actually texted Yvonne so she was
checking her text in the passenger seat
and said hey it looks like his
breathing's normalizing a little bit
we've got him in the oxygen chamber and
then she called 15 seconds after she
texted oh he's gone oh yeah so she said
it it seemed to happen really suddenly
he was hopped up on all kinds of meds
she figures he probably didn't feel a
thing but I mean you suffered enough
definitely had suffered enough by that
point in time so yeah anyway yeah we
promise the whole show it's not gonna be
that guy yeah I'm really sorry I mean I
I will say that it has I don't know I've
just had a lot of perspective changing
experiences
lately so the the perspective change
that I had here was like you know what
accidents can happen to anyone but you
know I know I know myself well enough
for our fact to know that if I was there
taking care of my kids you know my my
furry kids would be fine too
so Yvonne and I have both actually
resolved to at least unless we find a
unicorn caretaker for the kids someone
amazing we're both cutting back to 80%
days here in the office and we're gonna
be doing one day a week each with the
kids and getting more family help so our
kids are just gonna be raised by family
moving forward if we're if we're able to
anyway one of the other things that I
haven't addressed on one show because I
wasn't here last week is a lot of people
have asked hey are you guys open so what
is Linus media group doing in order to
keep its staff safe because obviously
that's top priority for us not only just
for ourselves quite frankly Linus Media
Group is a super young company I don't
think we have anyone here over 40
actually our accountant well I think
it's like 43 but we don't have anyone
really with any significant risk factors
but just because you don't personally
have any risk factors doesn't mean that
this isn't a big deal because you could
easily transmit to someone who does and
it hasn't been demonstrated that being
young is a huge risk factor but being
very young is obviously a big risk
factor we've got a couple people here on
staff but do have very young kids now I
don't know if they've talked about it
publicly so I'm not gonna I have a baby
she's like nine months okay there you go
there's one there's one so I don't know
how private people are about these
things so I try not to be the one to
kind of break that sort of news but so
what are we doing
obviously mandatory hand sanitization
hand washing after any time you're
basically interacting with anything else
that someone else is interacting with i
when you first get to the building we're
going to be really militant about people
hang straight to the sink you know like
let's say you're walking in carrying
your lunch you don't put your lunch in
the fridge and then go wash your hands
no drop your lunch don't touch that
fridge handle I've been on people on
people yeah so we're doing that anyone
who can work from home we've had the
working from home we've had probably
about half of our staff in here which is
kind of nice to be honest because it
makes the whole social distancing thing
a lot easier
anyone with symptoms they are being
immediately sent home any kinds of
symptoms so we're not just limiting it
to co-ed things like fever like my
understanding is that someone who works
here is it sneezing or what's his name
there's just there's some respiratory
illness symptoms that are not
necessarily coded related but just
anything that looks like respiratory
illness we're having people get out of
here and go into quarantine immediately
typically I've been of the position that
the salaries that we pay are good enough
that if people need to take the
occasional sick day they can just take a
sick day and they'll they'll eat that
but what we've done as an exception
during this exceptional time is we've
implemented a sick I guess sick pay
policy so people we basically put aside
kind of a fund that if it runs out we
will reevaluate but for now we've put a
bucket of money and basically told
people like look don't abuse this this
is for people to make sure that if
they're exposed to something or they
think they're exposed to something or
they had any symptoms whatsoever that
they're able to self quarantine for two
weeks so we're making sure that people
are not going to be falling behind on
their rent or anything I was reading a
really horrible article earlier this
week about someone who basically got
laid off because their restaurant shut
down and they told their landlord and
their landlord was like well then you
better get another job like what job the
economy is shutting down so for us the
main thing
our mandate internally is we're gonna be
following all of the guidance that comes
from the BC provincial government so
right now we are in compliance with
everything that they're rolling out and
if they roll out a lockdown or they say
non-essential businesses need to close
then we will cross that bridge when we
get to it it might end up being you know
Riley wipes down a camera takes it home
and writes and shoots tech linked at
home maybe sends the files to one of our
editors then they
we're gonna make videos I don't think
it'll be at the volume that we're doing
now cuz like the cold hard truth for me
is that this is a huge deal but also
life needs to go on and like come on
we're a tech company there's no excuse
for us to not be able to use technology
to do our jobs like there's certain
professions there's certain industries
that are not going to be able to work
around this but we should have that
power so we're gonna do our best to make
sure that everyone is staying at work
you actually really did surprise me on
Monday we every Monday we have Monday
morning meeting us in all hands being
every one of the companies in one big
room and even though only half the
amount of people were here on Monday we
had everyone who's in the building had
the meeting virtually everyone was at
their own desk
yeah like teaming in to this big video
chat I kind of thought it was like is it
really that big of a deal but it's true
what if we were all in that room we
would have to be at least within three
feet of each other and that was just a
little thing that was cumbersome but it
reduced service factors yeah and we do
have a couple people who think that they
might have been exposed at some point so
those people are currently taking
advantage of no not taking advantage of
they're currently utilizing the sick bay
policy that we've put in place to deal
with this problem I just I wanted to
make sure that people don't have any
incentive to be here if they shouldn't
be here that's that's the thing it's not
like in normal circumstances if you had
a bit of a sore throat or a little
annoying little tummy ache or some you
probably just come in but in this case
we don't want that yeah you shouldn't
yeah you know what I do you know what I
really hope I hope that the one good
thing that comes out of all of this is
that we all take a moment did you see
those pictures from Venice Italy of the
water running clear yeah and apparently
there's like dolphins getting closer and
stuff like that yeah yeah I thought that
was absolutely incredible I there's
there's few things that bother me more
than an in-person briefing or an
in-person presentation for some new
product or something when it could have
just as easily been done as a WebEx
presentation
we'll be interesting to see how many
companies realize Wow actually working
from home made us more productive and
it's just cheaper for us and half our
company should be doing this at all
times and I haven't I haven't shaken
hands with anyone at a public event
except like when I have like a very dirt
moment because I'm exhausted or whatever
in years
strongly recommended I haven't gotten
sick in years I hope handshaking goes I
wonder today to what extent this will
change our culture permanently your
honor that's what I was just I was just
thinking about that the other day like
all the teleconferencing that people are
doing the way that all these companies
are switching to just doing their
product announcements online like the
problem that I see like the book the
thing that I see that could ruin it is
that if they do all this stuff online
and they all have a terrible year
because it's gonna be a terrible year
you won't be able to parse apart the
people who are gonna be hurt the most
are the people that are in your your
blue-collar labor jobs or service
industry jobs where nobody's going out
right you can't bring people together to
manufacture something you can't have
people sitting together enjoying meals
together so how are those people gonna
have jobs those guys are gonna be hurt
really really badly and they're not
going to be able to buy stuff so what I
worry is that companies are gonna see
how our sales sucked when we did all
these product launches online and
correlate something that may not be
correlated maybe when the economy
recovers next year or the year after who
knows how long we're gonna be in this
for you know maybe if they stayed the
course with this we could actually just
reduce our dependence on air travel
that'd be pretty cool yeah that's a huge
huge suck it's gonna be rough for anyone
who's hoping to buy American Airlines in
the dip but I don't see how that goes
for you maybe we should get on to tech
topics yeah sorry I guess I feel like I
got a little bit off topic but people
don't seem to people don't seem to mind
for the most part Mario madness yeah I
used to get sick at CES every year I
stopped shaking hands that was it and I
would carry around hand sanitizer and
any time I like
derp then I was like oh shoot I forgot I
don't shake hands anymore hand sanitize
stop getting sick period also not not
touching my face some are we all gonna
grow our hair out for the summer or what
uh I'm gonna get my wife to cut it we
won't even notice the difference
probably I was just finding it funnier
than you all right honest I was just
thinking about that the other day how do
I get a haircut while maintaining my
social distancing bubble I've got a huge
unibrow no surprise guys I get my
eyebrows did it's not gonna be possible
how are you sorry yeah sure I really
want to get into tech but I will talk
about the outfit um beat Sabre okay so I
saw I wasn't able to play badminton on
Monday I had actually already skipped
last week for some reason or another so
I haven't been playing badminton which
is my primary form of exercise you plan
to continue even though your social
distancing badminton yes badminton is
pretty social distance II I had planned
to continue to play but just maintain a
big bubble sanitize my hands in between
matches because you do touch the shuttle
and everyone touches the shuttle and
then no high-fives at the end of the
games that was kind of my plan
maybe switch to playing singles instead
of playing doubles so I don't have to be
close to anyone yeah but the place that
I play at that my friend runs they shut
down for two weeks at least so I don't
really even have anywhere to play so
what do I look like a white person to
you excuse me
it's not even the same game yeah anyway
so so I got two plans one is I'm gonna
be playing beat Sabre every other day
for at least half an hour it is
have you played I'm sure it's a cardio
workout it is GD are like fast okay it's
it's cardio yeah it's phenomenal workout
and then what I'm gonna do is I'm going
to put some badminton lines in my garage
just with tape like on the concrete slab
there and then there's footwork drills
that you can do that are really brutal
have you seen the size of a badminton
court right yeah so there's a really
great drill where you just take a couple
shuttles and you put them in one of the
very far corners and then what you do is
as fast as you can you lunge around the
court pick
I'm up all the way off the ground and
then back to Center and then pick a
corner and then you go and put it down
in that corner like put it down gently
because what it really trains you to do
is do controlled lunges and then push
off strong back off it and so you do
what is effectively twelve sets so you
grab one and take it
grab the other take it grab that put it
somewhere else grab that put it
somewhere else and then you go back to
start do you typically do drills like
that um when you're training yes you
know what I'm just playing no no I don't
really maybe you'll come back a better
player like Lance Armstrong after cancer
and drugs I would love to I would love
to it should be it should be doable
because that is one of my biggest issues
is that I don't work out I just play
really hard and I don't play enough for
that to really maintain me yeah I mean
I'm doing all right but I'm screwed all
my all my things are high contact yeah
jiu-jitsu it was like I I went a couple
weeks ago yeah it's like someone's face
on your face right I went kind of when
this was popping off and people were
starting to wonder what they should cut
out of their lives and I go there and
like within the first few minutes I got
someone spit on me guys kind of lispy
and like some spit like landing here I
was like this is done this is over then
if you would lift weights that's good
that's over yoga group class that's over
like I can't do anything I might go for
a jog and I hate jogging
I hate jogging so much go for Sprint's
sprinting suck I have bad knees so
jogging is like the worst basically the
worst thing you can do to your knees is
jog around in the city like on the
pavement yeah yeah I would do pavement
yeah so actually okay here's another
personal update I swear to you we will
talk to AK at some point so I I don't
know if I told you but I did end up
going and seeing the orthopedic surgeon
about my knee and it turns out that I
have a meniscus tear and it looks like
it is probably not going to heal so
there's like the the red tissue and then
the white tissue that doesn't have as
much blood flow and if the tear goes
into the white tissue then is the red
tissue also meniscus are only why it is
meniscus but it's like more likely to
heal it's at the outside blood yeah
because there's blood flow there
basically what he thinks the MRI was not
conclusive but what he thinks is that
there's a tear there that might be kind
of like a hangnail so if he just went in
and like kind of clipped it off it would
stop kind of going around and bothering
me and then maybe he can put back
together the part that's torn and that
would that would totally fix it with
just two little holes and I'd be off my
feet I'd be on crutches for six weeks
but that's a long time that's a long
time to be on crutches
especially my job like I move I actually
move around a lot at Webb stairs and
downstairs walks around like I some
people sort of talk about like oh how
does how's Linus look so fit I only I
play badminton once a week for two hours
and I move around a lot at work this is
like a 10,000 square foot warehouse and
more than probably anyone else I am
upstairs grabbing something downstairs
checking in with someone grabbing a
bunch of products from the warehouse
over there taking that back up to my
office opening them all up putting them
down picking them up like and you're the
type of person who often chooses to run
up the stairs oh yeah I do things fast I
always do things fast I always walk fast
take two stairs at a time all that kind
of little stuff it makes such a
difference I remember one of the most
life-changing moments for me was in my
sports psychology class like sports
psychology 100 and university and the
the professor basically said you know
how to have a six-pack just flex your
stomach all the time just when you're
walking around just just flex your
stomach all the time
I haven't done a sit-up in three years
at least but it's just like that's what
you do just everything you do do it hard
and I was like oh and I'm not in great
shape I could have better cardio and
particularly my legs like I think my if
I do those footwork drills I will come
back like way better but just little
things make such a big difference they
say that Okinawans in Japan lived the
longest one of their contributing
factors is that they don't sit on tables
and chairs like this to eat they dine on
the ground they sit on the floor right
and when you're just static going from
imagine my grandma in the West so many
of our elderly people are overweight
like
cross leg and then Stanny up would be
like a trial probably up to lino and
grab something if you did that a hundred
times in a day
Oh your longevity is yeah that's a good
point okay okay we will talk tech I
swear wait wait that's tough in DuBois
weird flex but okay I was actually
impressed by that that's that's what I
look like I'm not like I don't have a
lot of punch because you do a lot of
cardio and just you hold yourself do you
think you are right do you think you eat
well no you got a like a NW how many
times a week eww okay guys to be clear
Canadian a and W is not the same as
American a NW I would not eat that
garbage but Canadian a and W is actually
a lot better it's still fast food to be
very clear its burgers a prize its
burgers and fries though onion rings
there's some veggies in there oh so my
biggest thing over the last year is I
have cut out sugary drinks including
free juice
I basically don't touch it anymore and
that is such a huge thing I feel like
that's easy I think it's easier that
like for me if I have to choose and like
do I want to eat like do I want to eat a
whole bag of chips and slamming ice
cream or have pop I'm gonna cut out pop
that's gonna be way easier for me I love
orange juice really I love Tropicana
lots of pulp orange juice oh man good
but like I love it so much once you cut
something like that you find that you
look at it and you're like that's
disgusting I don't need that anymore no
I still love orange juice oh I love that
I love that nestea man oh your childhood
I can put back like you've probably had
so much I can put back a two liter of
nestea in like a single meal like I'll
make bathroom trips but like oh I love
that stuff so much sugar ice cold man
ice Cory love it so so no I wouldn't say
that I eat particularly well but I also
try I try not to just like go out of my
way to eat garbage so I mostly don't eat
like cookies and ice cream and like some
of my some of my favorite things like I
like I used to but the big one is
probably just cutting out sugary drinks
don't read any chats that's why we keep
not talking about tech yeah no no no I
swear it I swear you guys I'm gonna do
this okay here we go here we go
Xbox series expects announced this was
supposed to by vegetable stew on the
forum so the CPU is gonna be eight Xen
two cores at 3.8 gigahertz or 3.6 with
SMT apparently so SMT formerly known as
Intel hyper-threading but now that AMD
has it we're going back to the generic
non kleenex name we're going over like
that tissue paper you know named the
variable refresh rate compared to do you
think that's right so it means two
threads or actually more is it IBM that
does four threads per core on some of
their CPUs I think so but it means
multiple threads per core so that the
pipeline never gets empty and there is a
power toll there so that would explain
why they might need to drop the
frequency down a little bit depending on
the consoles doing yeah that's right
seven nanometer so basically this is
like like a risin risin nine whatever
the Bison said in something or other I
can't remember which one the eight core
like three high gigahertz one is the GPU
is going to be a twelve teraflop fifty
to compute unit one point eight to five
gigahertz custom our DNA to a graphics
card it's going to have 16 gigs of Gd r6
memory so it looks like we're seeing a
return of shared memory between the GPU
and the rest of the system and by the
way that memory spec is the same as the
PS 5 with those previous specs CPU and
GPU are actually a little lower than the
PS 5 PS 5 is clocked lower than that and
it has two fewer teraflops than that on
the GPU side in terms get a shock
interest storage is gonna be one
terabyte of custom nvme SSD why are they
doing a custom SSD like to just just
just use em got to Wow
yeah especially considering like my
first thought was maybe it's just the
the design of of the things that it fits
in this really tight chassis that
they're making but I'm much who's tiny
it's tiny there's no way you're already
just a computer okay other than the
shared graphics memory for the CPU so we
get a 4k UHD blu-ray drive 120 FPS
support I'm injured
in the 4k you you age the 4k blu-ray
drive why cuz I want nothing to have
Plex get good I don't have gigabit get
good don't have gigabit like networking
in your house oh no no we just got fiber
so I have I think 150 I bend down oh
okay no no no no so you can run your
plex thing in a closet though but I
don't have a plex server
I have an account my friend has one and
I like I'm on there okay well okay so
wait hold on be careful what you say
here cuz you're about this close to
James getting upgraded for a video okay
so my point is that the better way if
you're going to like watch a blue
because it really is the best way to
watch a movie especially if you have a
nice TV which I believe you upgraded
your team and by the way I bought my
OLED from a liquidation auction sale
from like something gets returned to
Best Buy I remember that yeah I remember
it had a little scratch about this big
tiny on the front yeah and I remember I
looked at the photos where I bought on
the auction and I was like oh that's
scratched the it was kind of an extreme
close-up photo so I know scale for the
scat scratch it was this long is this
long I didn't know where if it was in
the top corner in the middle I didn't
know it all I show up there yeah and
it's like right there in the middle like
on this screen it would be like here and
it's like about a centimeter long and I
was like
and then they gave me the option really
you don't have to take anyone you can
leave it take it or leave it and I took
it and then like when I got home I was
like why did I take this and you'll
remember I came into your office cuz I
was doing a bunch of research on how to
fill in scratchers like that oh yeah
there's a bunch of techniques on the
Internet yeah you wanted to make a video
out of it but then I think you wanted me
to sacrifice a different TV so that we
could find out the right method so that
you could do it oh no no I want no yuan
and you said we'll do it on your TV but
if it breaks you're just screwed and I
think no we'll do it on my TV and if it
breaks then like you have to pay for it
or replace it or something I was like
right get nothing out of this you get a
video and I guess nothing you would have
gotten free scratch removal kit or
whatever I'm gonna paid you to write it
anyway it's a non-issue I don't even
remember that the scratch exists yeah
most the time unless I'm watching in a
sunny day because the light has to hit
it right so so the blu-ray really is the
best way to watch a movie but and a 4k
blu-ray player is about a hundred and
twenty hundred fifty bucks is a great
value except that you can just okay so I
will confess to you I don't bother
ripping blu-rays anymore but much of my
Plex library not all of it some not all
of it's possible not all of its released
yet some things I admit I've been lazy
about and I'm a little bit behind but
much of my Plex library is physical
media backed but I don't bother ripping
them anymore but the ultimate is ripping
real blu-rays to a plex server and then
just using that to stream the media
around your house or out of your house
so I have a good enough connection that
from anywhere I can just watch a full
quality blu-ray copy what bitrate is
that so it goes like 70 goes up to as
high as like 80 plus depending on the
movie yeah so that's it's pretty heavy
but as long as your server is okay and
as long as your connections good enough
which yours is as long as you got the
biometric fiber connection I was invited
to yours and I streamed that could I
ever get that bit right considering my
fiber connection of 150 up and down yep
yeah I my in-laws are on it so you're
saying I need to get on that
no I'm not I'm not saying that I am
comfortable I'm comfortable sharing it
with people that I could just as easily
share a physical copy with I wouldn't
you wouldn't lend me you wouldn't I lent
you a book and you've had it for like
nine months
okay so here's that's true I haven't
finished yet so that's so here's the
here's the thing though that's where I
think you end up in this really really
slippery slope and I know that slippery
slope arguments are inherently flawed
but for me the line is as long as I have
in good faith made every effort to have
a physical backup copy I don't feel bad
about what is effectively not permitted
copying this media and hosting it on my
own server for my own consumption now
you're considering the distribution that
you're doing to be within the confines
of what you would do with physical media
yes and so it's easy enough to say okay
well hey we all work here together
everyday why don't we all just buy one
30th of every movie that comes out
because we could just share them with
each other create a work repository of
blu-rays board games over there
that's our physically we do and people
can borrow them so are physically backed
up you know digital library that we all
share and it's like oh okay now we're
getting pretty close to a torrent site
which is effectively what that is now
not always actually yeah in basically
every case any good quality torrent
would be from someone who paid for the
content yeah yeah Paulie won yeah yeah
yeah no even a bad one even at cam you
still paid to be in the theater
technically yeah so so that's well
that's you work there so
so I don't know so that's that's a
slippery slope so my line right now is
family I'm not offended you have many
employees family that's another slippery
slope someone else might be like oh I
want to be on it Luke's on it too so
family I'm Luke on it Luke's my except
he's fun he's on my google play music
account too I put him on like literally
years ago I know it was a one-man show
recently freaking guy you can you can
watch that on the lmg clips the specs of
this okay rights buzzer any player
that's 4k which I agree is a big deal if
you like are live in the Stone Age and
you like rent blu-rays at the store or
whatever you know what though there's a
blu-ray there's a video store by my
place that I would like to support but
they don't have 4k blu-rays and they
probably don't have them because no one
has a 4k blu-ray player because they
cost more and I'm wondering if when this
is really saturated and everyone has a
PS 5 or Xbox series X and they all have
these players maybe that store will
starts talking more because the 1s has
it but the 1s as I would be interested
to see the true numbers but I suspect
the 1s is a relative like the newer
versions of the Xbox one X SMSs and X
has it no X is the better one so any
would I came out after the s is more to
do with when they were released because
the original Xbox is actually better
than the s if I recall correctly is it
or are they the same performance can't
remember is the is just a smaller one no
no no no no the S has I think a greater
a better harddrive yeah and the X made
was a stronger site you can play 4k yeah
ok ok so anyway yeah so I would suspect
that because those didn't come until
later in the lifecycle a lot of the Xbox
is out there do not have these 4k UHD
blu-ray players so once we have a new
console that gets you know a year or two
into its life cycle yeah I think we
could expect your local movie rental
store if it still exists right that's
the type of business that might not make
it through it oh yeah for sure like
streaming 5 Netflix right now I'm
laughing if I'm Disney I'm laughing a
lot less because Disney Plus I'm
laughing but my theme parks I am oh boy
I'm not laughing they did you see that
we are never gonna get through these
specs did you see they were talking
about reopening Disney World
what with like reimagined visitor
experiences something or something like
that like they were working on it
basically I was like how are you gonna
do that it doesn't make any sense and I
know who would go how did this hit the
media like that seems like something
someone's thinking about long-term but
they would never have announced yet yeah
maybe I'm not sure okay let's let's just
ignore that let's pretend that never
happened so potential for 8k resolution
although I would not expect to be gaming
at 8k unless we're talking like you know
back catalog like Xbox 360 games or
something like that
ray tracing technology although we don't
know exactly you know what form that's
gonna take it certainly won't be using
any of Nvidia's proprietary nonsense and
compatibility with Xbox one accessories
that to me is like the coolest thing out
of all of that because everything else
was basically expected what other CPU
were they gonna use arm
exactly exactly going back to this we're
gonna we bought Sony's Cell processor
unit and we made a new cell prosecute
get real you know remember that Killzone
shoe trailer yeah 120 FPS wow what a big
surprise that an HDMI 2.1 connection can
run to 120 fps saying 8k or 120 FPS
doesn't mean anything because we don't
know what actual details the game is
running it you could go get it you could
go get an Xbox 360 and right if you had
an HDMI 2.1 output you could run a game
at 8k 120 FPS it might be pong but those
are just the smoothness moving balls
right the highest the highest resolution
pong of all time that ball so round it's
like that ball right at my face
yeah but that doesn't mean anything to
me the fact that they are finally
stopping this practice where we just get
Milt on re buying the same plastic
controllers when it is the same thing
especially when it's basically the same
perfected that controller I have four of
them I don't want to buy formula
expensive so whether whether whether
they did it through an adapter or
whether they just made it natively
compatible doesn't matter to me as long
as there's some way to keep using them
because that's one of the coolest things
about the PC is that I can still use my
logitech dual action that I bought in
high school because why not it's just a
USB connection everyone's just using usb
and so just using country standards then
just just use them it's just it is a
driver it's just that's all it is just
just load it on there so they're finally
doing it good to Microsoft Bill's love
it hah I'm the last thing the book I'm
looking at my car Ian even though I have
this I'm calm I was that the last I'm
completely calm well I have to talk
through the sponsors do you want to do
the Bessy demo with me or should I let
Nick go first Nick I'm sure oh that's
right LT t yeah we actually have a
couple things in stock even we've got
the water bottles back in stock which is
pretty sick we've got those we're back
on black ah black and orange do we have
black norwich what's happened there we
go so yeah we've got black and gold this
one is sick this one's actually just
really nice we have black and white
we're still giving away stickers with
every order right yep this is the most
creative way to arrange your stickers
and have we loaded up some of those just
like old items no or not yet oh okay
apparently we're going to talk about
that next
yep so guys we did not do another run of
it and we are not planning to do it I
mean should we do another run of it are
we still engaged with that factory or
did we find that they weren't very good
but we're not doing okay we're not doing
another run of the swagat you heard it
from Nick it's you know if you if you
want to complain about it that's gonna
be and at at Nick underscore LMG I think
on Twitter
yeah just blow up blow them up all right
blow them up OMG
ya know underscore yeah underwear is
still in stock right 3x salsa all right
sorry
sorry big boys going commando we'll get
you covered we'll get you covered again
later and for all of those of you who
were who were just really hoping for
this the cable ties are in fact still
available I know I know
see you can see there's so much there's
so much demand I can't even load this
pain oh that's right did they not show
it last week oh yeah yeah the the
redesigned store well no I mean I had
obviously seen to I actually haven't
spent time on here so it has the like
carousel style over there seconds it's
more than one page yeah yeah I know
right so it has this rotating thing up
here I'd like via the ltte logo and
linework there that's cool
yep so that's cool and then it's got
like our favorites which is sort of like
a combination of like top sellers or
things that are limited time or you know
whatever else or new then there's
clothing and gear and we're gonna hope
to add a lot more stuff over the next
little bit but as you guys know it's
been an extremely challenging time I
mean even just keeping something as
basic as a black t-shirt in stock has
not actually been that trivial so
massive massive shout out to the team
there they're working through it we've
got all kinds of stuff going did I ever
upload that story about the little
squishy thing there don't you have that
in your hand right now no no that's
that's something that this is just yeah
I'm really excited about that one though
all right all right anyway it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter all right let's
move on to our sponsors face so today
you were also on an episode of carpool
critics we talked about contagion yes I
you know what the shameless
self-promotion if we're gonna do it
let's do it voice so carpool critics is
a sort of like what would we call that
like an incubator project or like like a
skunkworks
type of project I don't know how to
exist in your mind this is news to me I
don't know exactly basically Riley James
and David were
really passionate and really excited to
do just a movie podcast and they were
like do you consider this to be a
conflicting media because in our
employment contracts here we say look
you can't utilize your Lynas media group
fame and influence to just go and be
your own tech youtuber on the side
that's not really how this works so we
work with people who want to create on
their own like Taryn for example where
we say okay yeah it can't be conflicting
or if you feel like it might be
conflicting have a meeting with me about
it like I try to basically basically so
they brought it to me right a first
refusal and I think it was a big
surprise I was like he's not gonna want
it but alright we'll have the meeting I
was like yeah because the the concept I
thought was great I didn't like the
original name or like some of like kind
of the direction you guys sort of were
pitching it at me from but what really
excited me was I loved hearing these
guys just talk about movies really loud
when they should be working out in the
studio because we would get into these
spirited discussions that sometimes
would make their way over onto Twitter
they would overflow like what did the
movie Hercules or Mulan oh don't get
David started on Disney don't get David
started especially on Hercules he thinks
that movie is so much better than it is
he is right it is better than I thought
it was we watched it as an adult it's
actually not that's not that bad it's
pretty good but it's not better than
Mulan and I'm not gonna be on that
episode I don't wanna I don't wanna
I don't think our relationship can take
it but the origin story is that we
carpool together and then the carpool
ended so we wanted to keep talking and
I'm making you pay for us to do that but
that's why it's called carpool critics
but one of the problems with that name
is a lot of people are like why isn't
this in a car yeah and I was like that
was one of the reservations I had about
naming it carpool critics but the spirit
of the origin is in the name but we have
to record it with good audio quality
here in the studio yes and it will get
better so when we finish the Reno's
we're gonna redo actually we're gonna
try to integrate the wine show into the
new podcast set we're gonna do carpool
critics there will get like some
displace or something so that we can
kind of Nick and I had a MIMO they come
back
so we might not always be sitting with
each other in watch Oh in the future you
might be just on you and then camera
switches to someone else that kind of
change I know give me rap okay we gotta
hold on here I got a hold on the good
there just think about the background
because we were talking about different
options for having different backgrounds
because let's say you have one room
where you're gonna use multiple
different shows and they each have their
own brand identity yeah you want a quick
way to turn a room around so that when
we're looking at carpool critics you
know you're looking at carpool critics
what option is mountable posters that
you can turn over maybe TVs that have
different browning displayed maybe a
curtain he's tough to make look not
tacky
I like curtains and they reflect the
heart of shoot I also like rolling or
sliding like solid backdrops oh we had
an idea that was novel yeah a shelf that
has memorabilia on it like bunch of
movie stuff on a shelf and that stuff is
glued to the shelf and you just take the
whole shelf off and you bring in the
next shelf with like all the gaming
stuff on it I actually kind of like that
that's that's pretty that's a pretty
clever idea I like it that's gonna be
sweet though because it will have a
proper room with proper audio stuff and
it'll be a closed-off room so that we
don't need to interrupt filming anywhere
else in the buildings that's a big
problem we have right now right now the
podcast is just in a random office up
there but it's bright beside Lines's
office so if they're doing a vlog in
Liza's office yeah we can't do the
podcast and then there's other sets down
here where you just can't tell them in
the kitchen while we're filming in the
bedroom presently the podcast gets very
spirited sometimes so anyway we decided
to do contagion which was a perfect fit
because David wasn't able to make it
because he's in self isolation because
he was advised that he may have come in
contact with a an airport worker I think
so he came back from our trip to Toronto
two days or three days after me like
just a little bit after me and that was
basically the difference was it had
spread that much more and he back on a
Thursday he came back on a Sunday yeah
and he was advised that he should self
quarantine for two weeks and so - I
don't know I wouldn't say celebrate but
to avoid really yeah to fill a void we
needed him good
on vacation so ya need you then so we
decided to do contagion hey can you
click on YouTube channel yeah sure can
you show us show us the banner and
everything sure nails car pool critics
nut pink you know you like that pink
look at this sexy guy here in James yeah
he shootin me look at this sexy guy here
and daniel radcliffe has a boat for
whatever reason ballast that was a weird
choice doing this one I know Brandon
really wanted to do it though we I was
happy to be there we did it actually and
they actually perform pretty well
alright cool this is a super
experimental thing for us but like if it
takes off you know hey cool it's just
another way for us to kind of talk to
you guys about something other than tech
because believe it or not we do have
lives I've been tempted at times to like
you know integrate badminton into a
video in some way I know like we
actually had a sponsor that had this
product that was like it was like a auto
firing type of birdie dispenser no no I
got robot that has an arm on it that can
racket we actually did do that video I
went to China for that video oh yeah
yeah anyway um so no it was it was this
like all-in-one easy to use like live
production kit and so it was kind of
like the equivalent of a like like a
nest cam but with like us an app so it
all went through your phone so you could
do like live switching and stream it and
it was like all Wireless or something
and so I was like oh that would be
pretty cool so I could just go to like
my badminton night and that could be the
video is using this to effectively like
broadcast a badminton match anyway they
they ended up pulling out I think my
suspicion is that the tech just didn't
actually work well enough for what we
wanted to do and so they didn't want to
send them to us to try it every once in
a while those kinds of things will
happen they'll reach out and they'll go
like yeah we've got all these great
capability and we'll be like yeah heck
yeah let's use them and we'll be like oh
we were actually really helping you
would just unbox it and say it's good
that's really a fast-moving sport maybe
a pet camera the implementation would be
better yeah yeah exactly
okay I should really get through our I
should really gets through our sponsors
that actually sponsor s so Vesey oh we
got to do the demo I didn't wear mine
today that's okay we got this I've been
wondering about this demo I'm doing here
we're gonna put it on the table so that
we actually can they see oh yes I can
enjoy that lower third off do that hey
you got it Vesey shoes are 100%
waterproof using a knit material the
diamond tex material regulates the
temperature of your feet on hot days
it'll keep you cool and on cool days
it'll help keep your feet warm they're
flexible they stretch
they're crazy light like they're super
lightweight look I could throw this at
Jane I have a pair of these not like
there'd be no danger whatsoever and
check this out I'm gonna put it in water
that's right I'm gonna leave this Vesey
shoe in water while I goes oh yeah sure
because I've seen you do this on one
show and when you pull it out I'm like
that looks like a wet shoe no no no so
I'm gonna leave it in here while we do
the rest of our sponsor spots I've se
footwear dot-com / - tech tips all that
sports are easy also sponsoring the show
today oh you just you've overflowed it
into my shoe like it went over the edge
when I took it out and made a wave yeah
okay well my hands still dry whatever
you know that's sweet I didn't realize
they'd forget it my arms wet now oh
whatever it can sit there Oh private
Internet access
display dang it dang it none of my lower
thirds are working ok does play here we
go over 35,000 artists from 85 countries
around the world have contributed to
this plate they have over 800,000 unique
designs that number keeps going up
including ones of us they plant trees to
when you buy dis plates
they've already planted over 11 million
trees they use a magnetic mounting
system that decreases the risk of
damaging your walls and allows you to
switch between your dis plates very
easily you'll notice we often have very
different ones back there you know we
should do yes sir she's trying to get
like fan-made ones like people should
tweet up us their fan art like every
week and we'll pick one and then that
week that won't be the new display
that's something hack Smith does a way
better job than we do of like compiling
fan art they have just like binders and
stuff of just this
using fan art that people have sent them
and we've had so many pounds of fat not
as much fan art but a lot of fan memes
which I consider to be an art form by
the way we have so many fan made memes
that are just outstanding oh is there
not a display of the Linus face yeah we
what a missed opportunity we owe it to
ourselves get back can it be the one
with the gun there are no tech tips take
off your clothes 100 day return policy
for a 100% refund which is kind of nuts
and you can pick between matte and gloss
finishes different sizes and frames for
every artwork they've got the LTT
collection you can use code LTT to save
15% a tell mggg slash display when the
show is also brought to you by private
Internet access private Internet access
won't do anything a VPN can't do it's
not gonna protect your credit cards or
your passwords or your identity all on
its own
it's just a tool that masks your IP and
encrypts traffic on your devices you
need to combine it with other private
browsing tools and safe practices to
make even savvy websites think that you
are somewhere else it can be used for
all kinds of things like saving money on
flights if you were to populate your
plex server with movies that you didn't
rip off of a blu-ray it makes it so your
ISP can't tell you doing that so it does
lots of good stuff but we're not gonna
oversell what it does their internet
kill switch prevents data from leaking
out if you're involuntarily disconnected
and you can try it risk-free with their
7 day money-back guarantee
they've got clients for Windows Mac OS
Android iOS and Linux and you can
connect up to five devices and once
check about an lmg GG /p I a win so you
can see how the water is like beat it on
there right pretty cool way actually up
there's a little part here where it's
soaked in a little bit it's not magic
it's just like it's a like it's kind of
dry
it's still dry on the inside but like
obviously eventually it'll leak but it
uses the same kind of concept as like
the micro hairs on a bug yeah you know
where it's it causes the the water to be
I think that just means at a micro level
the service is rougher than the like
what's that yeah there's a cool name for
this like whatever
whatever it's like what tensile strength
of a bubble you know what like whatever
let's talk about at least one more
attack topic before we should talk about
dx12
because it's pretty it's pretty late how
long have you been streaming for oh wow
we've been going for an hour we did a
whole land show and talked about one
tech topic darn it dx12 posted my
vegetable stew on the forum on their
blog Microsoft calls dx12 ultimate the
culmination of the best graphics
technology we've ever introduced in an
unprecedented alignment between PC and
Xbox Harry that's that's pretty
interesting actually it is pretty
interesting now to be clear this is not
a new API yeah it's more like a standard
feature set and that was one of the
problems actually starting with I think
actually I don't know if it really
started DirectX 9 even ran into this now
that I think about it where you had like
like 9b and 9c and there were all these
kind of like optional parts of the spec
that some developers would use or some
graphics card makers would support and
others wouldn't so basically this is
like okay we're going back to basics
this is DirectX 12 underscore 2 but
we're gonna call it DirectX 12 ultimate
and there's branding with it too so
you'll be able to buy PC components that
have this branding and if you buy an
xbox Series X that's crucial that
console is launching while this API
exists I believe 12 came out like
halfway through the lifecycle of Xbox
one so its developers couldn't they
didn't know what you can't go all in on
DirectX 12 when you know that there's
millions upon millions of devices out
there that you're gonna have to do like
a DirectX 11 code base for anyway so
these are the features that you know
you're gonna get Pathak's you have that
have that branding DirectX DirectX
ray-tracing
yeah variable rate shading mesh shaders
and sample feedback mesh shaders and
sample feedback are way beyond me I
don't really understand what they do
have your have you try to look into
those I am especially not familiar with
sampler feedback this is the kind of
thing that we're probably gonna have to
do actually we should send John a memo
we should do a tech quickie on this get
him to look into what there
quite technical like mesh shading best
shaders has to do with like the geometry
pipeline brain like but but the upshot
of almost well especially those last two
the option actually all three of those
other than ray tracing the upshot is
that you'll be able to get more
performance either by only rendering
like just rendering more efficiently
yeah like not rendering part of the
scene that you don't need or because
it's more efficient you can render
higher resolution the things that you do
want to see DirectX 12 ultimate is
intended to serve as a common baseline
for both PC game development and Xbox
Series X development thank goodness like
let's just do away with bad console
ports now we've got mouse and keyboard
support on the Xbox
we've got xbox controller support on the
PC there's just no excuse for like bad
navigation through menus and stuff like
that which makes it all the more
unbelievable then I bought the Master
Chief collection last week to play some
halo combat Evolved multiplayer co-op
with luke on my night off and it was a
hot mess like what did they give you
like a cursor that move with your thumb
stick no it's not that bad but it's just
like the way some of the menus are laid
out just made no sense whatsoever
joining a multiplayer Lobby was super
unintuitive and it was really buggy no
matter how many times I restarted the
game restarted my system rebound the
action either to defaults or to
something else that I had assigned there
was no way for me to swap my weapon so I
was stuck with the stupid assault rifle
the entire time and I would I would I
would look down at the weapon I want to
pick up and it would say hold whatever I
had assigned to swap weapons and no
amount of doing it would make it work
fortunately we were just kind of dicking
around anyway so we uh that's what
you're relegated to yeah
the secret cartographer level we managed
to get the Warthog all the way down
through the map room oh my god yeah I
have I had that brings me back I have
screen capture it's amazing we're
basically pulled up to it like a drive
through because I I like hit it and then
I mean old games right like just the way
that they worked was kind of more
cobbled together so I activated it and
then there must be some kind of a delay
between activating it while the cutscene
like switches to cutscene mode or
whatever but
I was able to turn and get into the hog
so I'm like hang in there in the
driver's seat in the cut scene in the
cut season in engine cut scene in the
warthog with the secret cartographer
looking like like a drive-through did
you ever play elder scrolls morrowind I
didn't get in tomorrow and that one was
jank there's a bunch of really steep
hills that you're not supposed to walk
up or climb but if you just keep hitting
jump all you do it you can just like
literally waves your way out and get it
into these stupid spots amazing someone
out there has the same childhood as me
all right sorry did I say secret
cartographer silent cartographer sorry
weird yeah oh yeah we should do some
super chats if you need to go that's
totally fine I don't really do you think
the games by the way games stop all
these stores are closing you can order
your clothes Game Stop is like you know
what we're not closing all of you chains
you stay open and if the cops has to you
show them this memo where we claim that
we are an essential service because
people are staying home and working
remotely and they need to but they need
our software they need games to play
when they're remote and we're staying
open this is ridiculous if you work
there it's like we believe Game Stop is
classified as essential retail and
therefore is able to remain open during
this time the retailer said in a memo to
staff are you for real GameStop you are
the least essential thing no offense I
think they're probably like we will go
to business which is a fair point but
like apparently this has been updated
and the California stores are closed
okay there you go
Oh interesting apparently people lined
up at EB Games today to buy Animal
Crossing and do in Toronto yeah really I
think you had to have it pre-ordered
though oh man I'm a crossing bro yeah
you know who was saying they were gonna
play a bunch animal was it Riley that I
was talking to thanks Don he was he was
making some animal crossing references
today yeah I think so or it could have
been you play it wait a mark I have
never played games where people explain
it to you and you're like I don't get it
this is stupid and then you play and
you're like I'm not putting this down
for 80 hours this weekend huh okay I
don't need another game like that I
played six hours of a no less
oh yeah I was up until like 3:30 in the
morning engineers oh I've got investors
now yeah did you play a silent moon I
never did animal Crossing's kind of
close to Salomon okay well that doesn't
do me any good does it well you know
what farm the Harvest Moon since they
stay silent I never plays yeah that
we're both loud silent photographer
secret harvest oh my god we've got a
hidden message here Linus has a small
dick you know what fine let's uh let's
let's go ahead and show this well now
it's got a bunch of other junk in it but
you know what I'm not gonna hide it I'm
not gonna hide it oh man is your wife
all right yeah I don't do I need ya it's
all relative be Robert al says just
closed on a house what are some good IT
/ life quality-of-life improvements for
family and kids good Wi-Fi you know what
I spend a thousand dollars on a Wi-Fi
access point like four years ago or
whatever
really I bought a ruckus r700 I spent my
own money on it so many people were like
this is so sponsored no one would ever
do that actually lots of people do them
they're for commercial deployments or a
lot of people do that is for commercial
deployments it was the best quality of
life improvement that I have made
technologically ever and I would
definitely say with confidence that
going back especially now that the
performance leaps per generation are not
that big
I won who previously would upgrade every
generation I would say I would skip a
generational upgrade and I would upgrade
my Wi-Fi instead I would go back and I
would do that 100%
Wow because the difference between
crappy consumer Wi-Fi that drops out or
has crappy coverage versus an enterprise
Wi-Fi hotspot especially at the time
when I was doing a lot of game stream on
my Nvidia shield night and day just the
amount of frustration and like just like
hey you know the Wi-Fi is cutting out
like calling me when I'm on a business
trip like I can't deal with that so
Robert why find what use case does he
have to have for that to be worth it for
him like if it's only him and his
partner and no kids and if he's not like
he's not game streaming depends on the
size of the house I would say good Wi-Fi
is like like if you have a houseguest
over and you have like crappy Wi-Fi do
you feel obligated do you feel do you
feel obligated to apologize for the crap
Wi-Fi in the lake guest room I would
maybe like that sucks like well how are
they supposed to maybe they don't want
to talk to you for you know a couple
hours you know you're a nice guy James
but I need a break need some me time you
know okay I'll watch my Netflix on my
phone that sucks I can't really relate
cuz most Millennials don't have guest
rooms ya know fat cat
don't eat me please I I would say get up
a day if you've never used one of those
you've heard of the bidets they have in
Korea and Japan if you've never used one
I would say get one I I was like thirty
bucks
what yeah the world well okay you don't
have to get a super fancy one okay let
me tell my story go I went to Southeast
Asia fine where they don't have the
fancy B days but they use like what I
call it some people call it bum gun I
call it but hoes basically looks like
the vegetable sprayer okay I'll buy your
kitchen sink yeah it's by the toilet you
gravity sprayer but I thought that was
amazing I was like this is better than
toilet paper it's like zero waste and
it's cool you could argue it's more
hygienic so I got one in my house yeah
it's a little different in Canada
because it's not a tropical country
where you kind of just dry off really
quickly but I used reusable diapers so
it sprays out it has multiple functions
however I was pretty satisfied with this
bum gun bum gun Dennis comes over I'm
like you're gonna love this as an Asian
I got your setup in there you're gonna
love this he goes he goes in there's
like the hell's this no one uses these
it's art they only use it in the
Indonesia and Thailand and Philippines
and stuff if you're from like Taiwan
like Dennis like they have the good one
I have a throne I went to a hotel yeah
in in Victoria and use a good one and
they range from my 300 to like $1500 and
first of all have you sat on a heated
seat oh yeah
it's amazing because you have like I've
traveled in Japan you have a muscle
memory for like when I hit the seat is
give me a little cold shock and when
you're surprised and that expectation is
subverted and it's warm you're like whoa
this is a game-changer and then like the
waters warm and like it blows dries your
bike it's sweet I I had to get a shuttle
picked me up from the airport when I
went to Japan for the the omron factory
tour and the shuttle driver didn't speak
a lick of English so when I had to go to
the bathroom halfway through this like
two hour drive it was real hard for me
to communicate like I was like trying to
mind what I needed to do so he pulls
over at what is essentially as far as I
can tell like a Greyhound station like
not like nothing really around it I go
into the bathroom at this thing so the
building is like the crappiest
facilities you would expect it's like I
would expect the bathroom to kind of
snow I would expect it to smell like
urinal cake at best right okay it wasn't
like a disgusting building or anything
but like I wasn't expecting a nice
bathroom the toilet was the nicest
toilet I had ever sat on in my life
because this is my first Japanese toilet
I was like it had a heated seat I
couldn't believe it it's mind-blowing
that this hasn't taken off in the West
and the funny thing is like you don't
even you don't even need like toilet
paper and a bidet don't necessarily have
to be entirely mutually exclusive but
you can dramatically cut down on the
amount of toilet paper that you use oh
dude we have this in our van show notes
there's a thing on here because of all
the hoarding that's been going on with
toilet paper
there's someone made this awesome
website where you can like calculate how
long your stash of toilet paper is gonna
last you it's at the bottom okay here
I'll go to your screen Oh
how much toilet paper calm which toilet
paper dark calm okay my wife she doesn't
even how many squares do you use do you
know the number it's you I would say
okay it depends depends depends
um I don't know you don't know ten ten
there's 20
what okay hold on over 10b it's like
like that long okay so probably more
like five or six dude
I fold over I don't I don't like to risk
yeah you fold over mine you can do that
with - dude I'm rockin - and when I was
really when I was really aggressive with
this you can do with one you do the
fault you do the fold around two fingers
men that is unethical of you that is
correct all right I'm being shamed
that's obscene ten I'm being shaped okay
that's fine anyway you can go on to this
website you can enter how many roles you
have and how many twelve Bizet's per day
and it's gonna tell you how long your
word is gonna last and it looks like the
default here is when it says three
hundred and seventy five percent of your
quarantine it's there to shame people
who ordered but these are these
dimensions are just not enough you need
to hit Advanced Options and you can get
into squares for a wipe every number of
wipes per trip sheets per her in value -
that is just that's for people like me
but I guess this is scale you can go
high enough for Linus
there you go ten maxed out hey Ted ten
is too much that would clog the toilet
so I okay I don't pay that close
attention I was gonna tell story about
how my wife just like grabs like a mitt
and dabs herself with it and then you're
just like her unbelievable had some fat
cats please don't eat me all right so
wow that was a long super chat response
we're gonna have to go a little bit more
quickly here I've been quickly says ltte
folding team leader thanks for the shout
out yeah yes they shouted out wrong last
week they call out the pcmasterrace
folding team those guys have got like
four times as many folders as ice let's
go sorry someone tagged me on the form
you like PCMR slaying right now we need
more help it's like yeah do this team
LTT like i don't know if you guys know
this but the LTTE forum has a huge
folding team like we are significant
join the team Billy C are you excited
about half-life Alex I am as non hyped
about half-life Alex as I think a VR
enthusiast could possible your half-life
is just I liked half-life 2 I played it
all the way through did you play the
first one I did not play the first one I
wasn't really into PC
at that point yeah okay and I tried to
play it like after playing half-life 2 I
was like oh yeah I've left I'm sick like
oh yeah this is not as good which it
makes sense I mean half-life 2 was like
great I guess for me as not already a
fan of half the half-life franchise with
those those memories with that nostalgia
for it I was so much more impressed by
far crying because it came out of
nowhere
launched like months before like
half-life 2 kept getting delayed
dude 3 was I don't remember if Doom 3
got delayed but like basically it was
all the media hi I think doom doom 3
half-life 2 bitches Bullet Bill Rosen
and then out of nowhere this tiny
scrappy Crytek delivers arguably and
equally visually beautiful just way
ahead of its time game with this kind of
free roaming level design I thought for
I played way more Far Cry than I did
half-life 2 is that game related to fear
members fear
I loved fear the first one was great
that was one of the first things with
havoc or was it
remember the physics being like unreal
interfere I don't remember
I'm sorry yeah I don't remember if it
was first with havoc yeah I'm sorry I'm
yeah you know what I'll play the remake
didn't the Black Mesa project or
whatever it's called there's like yeah I
was like a reskin of it in Source engine
I I do want to try Wow
you can tell how tired I am today that I
was up all night because I get like
these kind of rings around my face what
were you doing I was up playing on him
oh yeah right no I played for six hours
yesterday after I put the kids to bed I
was like I'm gonna go play on Oh for a
bit oh when you hate yourself when you
look at the clock and you're like that's
too late but you keep playing and you
know what I was talking about cutting a
lot of junk food out of my diet I ate an
ice cream bar while I was sitting there
those are nothing one of the many ones
though the little nothing those are like
irresistible to me I love ice creams out
these be almond the almond caramel one
that's like slate salted caramel almond
Megan dos bar I talked to my local
grocery store because a lot of the time
they don't have it in stock and that's
the only time I buy it because they
don't carry that flavor at Costco thank
goodness because if I bought a Costco
thinking
it was like Darren my freezer watching
me but anyway I only allow myself to buy
one box at a time which is three bars
and then only when I shop which I don't
shop that off and my job is laundry and
Yvonne does it shopping
I just hate grocery shopping I really
can't do it like I don't like laundry
either but I was like look I will do all
the laundry in this house if I never
have to go grocery shopping
I'm just so easy well well I guess
folding that's easy
yeah I fold and then I have to supervise
kids putting it away son actually way
but putting it away would be easier than
like making them do it was actually my
chore and I had to put away my wife's
clothes folding women's clothing is
sucks it's all oddly-shaped you're like
what do you do it I can't even tell what
this is it's like some weird shawl like
what drawer does this go in so I
actually don't put her laundry away yeah
I supervise the kids I do mine my
laundry is so simple if it goes on the
top it goes there if it goes on the
bottom it goes there if it goes under
either those two things that goes here
and here that's it we have the same
dress with my friends right I used to
have no dresser that was the move
there's no folding at all you just go
hang off hanger it's way better really
if you have a closet for it you have a
ton of space wouldn't it I lived alone
okay fair enough yeah all right
what were we even talking about absolute
Alex I think oh yeah right so I still
write I thought I hated myself what okay
yeah anyway half life Alex no I'm I'm
actually not that excited about it like
I played episode 1 I played episode 2 I
really sorry when it's here they were
like good but I don't you're gonna get
it you're gonna get it the right I
thought portal was better than any of
them there that's not a hot take porn is
great bar is a great game fantastic
I found half-life 2 a little bit
repetitive apparently the especially the
bit where you're fighting around the saw
blades and that like creepy village or
whatever oh yeah there's that we don't
go to Raven a home yeah yeah I ended up
getting kind of bored at parts of it but
I like really wanted to beat it and like
some of the segments where you're like
going around on the bridge I think it is
you know like kind of gone okay go up
this and then over here and like that
it's like a lot of hiking around and we
played trespasser never played
trespassory a lot of hiking you know
that game is no
it's basically like a Jurassic Park game
it's old it's 90s I'm gonna play it
though cuz I get it for free with my
index so like oh nice I'll play it for
sure one more yeah yeah yeah one more
sorry guys um some lay on Lee says you
play on the index a lot have you dealt
with it not getting recognized like 50
percent of the time I have to like
restart headset after I launch team VR
no apparent reason doesn't matter if I
like activate the controller's first or
like I don't know it's been like that
basically forever there are my fav
Android auto oh I love Android auto but
man it's so buggy something sometimes I
get in the car and it just like I can
feel the phone go through like the phone
knows but then the the car doesn't it
only happens in the one car that have
thanks Richard joy sorry I'm just doing
like some of the really big ones cuz I
feel really bad if I miss those Josh
text as we start a new gym a few months
ago this is affecting us a lot we're
offering online personal training oh
that's a pretty cool idea good for you
yeah way to adapt asked you okay last
one a steer says feathers or nylon -
excuse me
okay okay someone called me okay
somebody called me Loki racist or
something like that earlier when I was
talking about white people badminton
when I say white people badminton I mean
like like American like North American
perception of what badminton is like I
mean have you ever heard of the book
stuff white people like oh that was a
shuttlecock reference than nylon
okay so stuff white people like is this
is this book slash blog from like ages
ago and it's like yes stereotypical like
I'm a suburban freakin white people so
white people those white people think
that badminton is this game that you
play in the backyard like this a croquet
yeah yeah and the shuttle is like this
big and it's like floppy and like has a
big like you know rainbow-colored you
know fuzzy like foam ball on the end and
like that's not the sport that I play
now to be clear there are some places
where people with white color
skin do take badminton very seriously
Denmark for example has arguably Oh like
that Jersey in your office that's Peter
gotta who's was a real innovator when it
came to like trickery on the court trick
shots and he just had a really
interesting you say matter why people do
it the best no you are racist anyway so
Victor axelsson really big player for
Denmark right now arguably one of the
best he just won a big tournament over
in the UK there are some British
badminton players that are really good
but the powerhouses for badminton are
China Malaysia actually they've got an
up-and-coming player that might be able
to take Lee Chong Wei place but I was
gonna say man maybe not so much for the
next little bit but Indonesia it's huge
India absolutely huge so it's mostly
it's more of a Southeast Asian thing so
that's what I mean it's like playing for
real Z associations bro
yeah that's true India's not South East
that's a fair point but it's like it's
huge in Southeast Asia absolutely huge
it's really big in Taiwan as well Korea
do that now obviously table tennis ping
pong is huge in China as well do they
have like all the racket sports are huge
they're like squash and stuff you know I
have no idea I mean the thing about
travel pickleball you've got over a
billion people
pickleball for old people how about it
how about it's fun
have you played no oh it's a blast it
seems like it's really accessible yeah
they used to they used to move the nets
down after one of my dad mminton
sessions at the Rec Center like 10 years
ago and my doubles partner and I would
stay sometimes and play with the seniors
because they would bring the Nets down
and switch it over to pickleball like
right after the badminton semis cool
down for you I actually Yvonne and I
found this great site that's like it was
like a hundred and fifty things to do on
a date and we were like you know it'd be
fun if we do all of these things oh cool
like one by one we're just good we're
just gonna do them all so one of them
was hard you will be we're just starting
okay yeah but one of them was sign up
for a class together and we were like
okay why don't we do a pickleball class
cuz that's like you know fun it's
something we know enough about racket
sports that we wouldn't be complete derp
idiots but you know we'd still be
learning something new and they
literally didn't have a session that was
like in the middle of the day oh because
it's it really is just like seniors only
like all the promotional imagery was all
you know senior citizens I was like okay
well I guess we don't have to play that
game I really did quite a play I wanted
to take a class that's my wife one time
and I was like how will it dance I've
used I've done dance classes in the past
and she was like I'd rather die and like
we were closer to taking calculus
together really dance yes
ouch maybe it's just she doesn't want to
dance with you no I've seen her we met
on the dance floor
did you her the extent of her dance is
jumping she'll just jump up and down
okay so she could like go to a simple
plan concert and not look out of place
but beyond that not really
yeah maybe yeah more likely to find her
and like a Vegas or a visa she used to
be in the EDM day all right yeah so an
answer didn't response to your question
feather shuttles although that might
change they've actually got a synthetic
feather shuttle that they are trialing
in top-level tournaments that apparently
offers 25% better durability so they'll
go through they'll go through a lot
fewer of them and apparently plays
almost identically I haven't tried when
I really really want to try a synthetic
shuttle our synthetic feather shuttle
apparently flies just about identically
and should be a lot less traumatic for
the geese so the cheaper feather
shuttles are made they're handmade which
is like it's kind of shocking that you
can get them for like two dollars and
fifty cents or whatever each you not a
baby when you look at them but they are
they're handmade and it's only from the
feathers from the left wing of a goose
left only the left why the reason is
that it affects the aerodynamics of the
shuttle and all the it spins oh you want
all of them to be consistent they all
spin like ones right so they're they
don't kill the geese but they do pluck
them live and that's apparently
traumatic pretty pretty bad pretty
traumatic that sounds pretty 10 out of
10
terrible can you imagine like a goose
farm that's just like well what do you
do with it so you pick all the feathers
out of their left arm and then what you
like fragra yeah
I don't know if you let them grow back
or do you think the geezers like please
the other arm please just once the other
wing I don't know it's one so calloused
yeah I don't know man anyway yeah so
thanks hurt that's that's it for the
winch Oh guys it's time for us to go
home and enjoy our weekend inside
there's no jujitsu no jujitsu no
badminton thanks for watching see you
again next week same bat-time same
bat-channel
LTG SOCOM follow tech quickie follow
tech links follow car pool predict Oh
LMG clips
[Music]
what's the seventh channel again my -
catch it sweet
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
anything from in stream
think I thought someone's like got their
toe smashed or something ah no so what
happened there was I actually spilled
water into the underside of the back
plate of not one but multiple GPUs that
are all attached together with this big
like manifold the to the GPU stack of
Titan V's yeah when they're all attached
that way they're not cheap GPUs and
they're not easy to get at and dry out
that towers like this big you just like
rocket like train yeah it was that was
not a lot of fun but the reason that
today was a great day stressful the
reason today was a great day was that we
came through in the end
that's all that matters to me that video
is done yeah but we were supposed to do
another one that video is we were
supposed to do two more but that video
is done wait no we're supposed to get
seven and we got six right yeah so we're
good and that video is dug and and and
it's for a good cause and I have more
good news so this is a bit of a spoiler
for the video sorry I'd keep creeping
closer to James we're trying to maintain
our one to two meters here anyway so
this is a bit of a spoiler for the video
but it's like an ultimate folding at
home machine so we're using the six
workstations one CPU rig to run folding
at home and it's also kind of like a
quick and easy guide for how you guys
can get set up folding preferably of
course for the LTTE folding team but it
actually doesn't matter that much as
long as you're folding the folding
project is contributing to the kovat 19
pandemic right now so it's totally a
good cause
contributing to combating it yes thank
you
it's a Friday we got all weekend to set
our machines up so remember to do that
yeah I
having a set lineup it even has this it
has a setting in the app so that you can
tell it don't operate when I'm actually
using my computer because well that used
to be a problem where you would set it
to a low priority but it would still
kind of derp when you're trying to play
a game and stuff so now it's just you
can set it so that when your machines
idle it'll run it when it's not it won't
run if I already have that folding at
home
get the latest client okay yeah just
make sure you get the latest client but
yeah so what's really cool though is
that in us trying to do this what we
discovered is that the folding project
has a big problem the problem is that
it's basically ten xed since the Kovach
19 thing took off and they've got so
many users that are trying to submit
completed work units that their servers
are choking on it so what's awesome is
that in doing this project we found this
problem because we were getting terrible
numbers out of 6 Titan V's and 56 CPU
cores more like what's going on and it
turns out we weren't able to submit so
we actually contacted them and we are
working with them to roll our own server
and so what's the flow then we're
solving little puzzles yes our machine
here and like we're solving protein
folding simulations basically and once
they're done you have to submit them yes
go to the server else where it could be
like verified or just like put into an
archive or something exactly where they
can actually analyze them and see if the
data is useful so basically they've run
out of bandwidth and so we contacted
them we were like hey so we want to do
this video showing this but we can't
even show this ultimate folding rig
because we can't submit enough work
units is there way for us to set up a
folding recipient server here at our
office and they were like yes so we are
so part two of this project which should
actually be easier than the one we just
did because that machine has been
sitting in mothballs for ages and was
kind of broken but part two is we're
actually going to be building a server
utilizing our 10 gig connection here so
we'll partition off a big chunk of it
and then you need a bunch of storage you
need a big fat internet pipe and we will
actually be able to contribute on the
other side of the equation there
then no no there's another level say
we're pretty set up to do that that's
pretty good yeah so we got in touch with
our ISP to put some security stuff in
place to make it so that when we do that
it's not gonna open us up to just any
unnecessary vulnerabilities we're like
hey just doing our due diligence let's
make sure we're doing this right and
they go oh wow that sounds like a really
cool project we'd love to get involved I
can't share too many details but there
could be a part three where we we 10x it
again okay and anyway so I've got this
side or a different site it would be off
site here we've okay we can't get a
hundred gigabit pipe in here I mean
maybe we could but I actually don't know
like several I have no idea but my
understanding is it's multiple servers
and they're all just running like
gigabit connections yeah so so we would
be contributing so we would be
contributing hardware and we'd obviously
be trying to find partners to help us
build up these servers and then our ISP
is working with some of their partners
to help us get bandwidth and then I'm
trying to work with drive provider I've
reached out to Seagate they might be
interested to get the storage that we
need and then we basically try to have
these rolled for the next I mean those
guys are probably gonna want their stuff
back eventually and you know once
there's some big breakthroughs in code
19 we might not need all this
computational power for that project but
we'd like to keep it rolled out for at
least a little while man it'd be amazing
if this community contributed
significantly to a breakthrough like
that I mean it has on other projects so
it's a really important thing like if
you're gonna use your idle cycles for
something better that then crypto mining
quite frankly that's wicked oh we should
totally talk about what we're gonna talk
about on the show today
yeah the land show hey you got him
DirectX 12 ultimate unveiled Xbox series
Xbox unveil the two things hand-in-glove
yes that's right what else we got Game
Stop apparently thinks they're an
essential sir
have to close Lordy that's interesting
and also beware of folding at home
phishing and Malware not the real one so
you google folding at home you go to
that website the first hit and you
download the client off there but there
have been some scams going around just
like this scam rolling our intro boom
you're just like wired for segue I know
rich just can't turn a sec my dad Ernie
never dies jeans
such as - you were on a pulse way at
I actually do know that because I was on
site for two days oh yeah you were there
when they come dude yeah I was terrible
[Music]
they seem to have put a lot of spent
behind that spot sweet all right so
let's you know what I think one of the
first things I'd like to address I
wasn't on the show last week was I last
week what's he doing where were you last
week I well Lucas type self isolating
yes because he thought he might have
been exposed he's well he's a couple of
degrees of separation away from somebody
who was confirmed I think okay god he's
so he's playing it safe yeah
where the heck were you I don't know
anyway I wasn't on last week so I wanted
to take this opportunity to talk about
you went home early oh that's right yep
I remember where I was so I had a bit of
a situation with my cat who got it was
an accident but I still consider it to
be a fairly negligent thing to do law
calls that manslaughter yeah when it's
man so we call like cat slaughter but my
cat was was killed by my my children's
caretaker last Friday she accidentally
ran him through the clothes dryer so if
you follow me on Twitter you'll already
know about that we did our best
Yvonne left work immediately after we
found out took him to the vet they had
him in the oxygen chamber and everything
like we were just like look he's a young
cat quite honestly like just do whatever
you need to do our vets really good like
they wouldn't send us a you know 15,000
dollar bill they're they're not idiots
but in fact our vet is amazing I'm not
gonna call out her name because I don't
know if she would want me to she's kind
of more of a private person but I will
say massive shout-out to Fraser Heights
Animal Hospital those guys are awesome
the the guy that runs it is actually a
long longtime family friend and his
staff is amazing they're all amazing
just great people there but it was a
real test and professionalism because I
was speaking the editor we happen to be
filming a video while this was unfolding
and Yvonne left and then was messaging
Linus all these updates of this evolving
situation and obviously Linus was really
affected by it
we kept happy to go okay high energy
level make a video that people are gonna
want it watch and I spoke to the editor
of that video it was like it was
traumatizing to watch like the Lions
keep getting these updates and and then
you eventually left yeah I were on the
show so we decided to go just because
it's all like sort of our son's cat and
we basically decided that whether he
lived or died at this point so he was
like that yeah whether the cat lived or
died he was like in an oxygen chamber
his breathing was elevated his kidneys
and liver were both damaged according to
the blood work that they did bring as
well yeah we needed to be there to let
our son know because he was like his cat
he sleeps in his bed every night and
like he's the first thing so we were at
Disneyland a little while ago and the
first thing that my son said when we
were on our way back from the airport
was I want to see shadow and I was like
you know great I mean at that time that
was that was possible so anyway that
that's what I was dealing with last
Friday so that's why I wasn't on when
show we actually got the call when we
were driving home and we managed to we
were only a few minutes after my son
arrived home so he didn't have time to
kind of ask too many questions and we
just kind of took them all upstairs and
explained what happened and sorry you
got the call that the cat had passed
yeah okay we have to explain to your
kids it's all Utah one thing in that and
they know I was driving up 184 and the
vet actually texted Yvonne so she was
checking her text in the passenger seat
and said hey it looks like his
breathing's normalizing a little bit
we've got him in the oxygen chamber and
then she called 15 seconds after she
texted oh he's gone oh yeah so she said
it it seemed to happen really suddenly
he was hopped up on all kinds of meds
she figures he probably didn't feel a
thing but I mean you suffered enough
definitely had suffered enough by that
point in time so yeah anyway yeah we
promise the whole show it's not gonna be
that guy yeah I'm really sorry I mean I
I will say that it has I don't know I've
just had a lot of perspective changing
experiences
lately so the the perspective change
that I had here was like you know what
accidents can happen to anyone but you
know I know I know myself well enough
for our fact to know that if I was there
taking care of my kids you know my my
furry kids would be fine too
so Yvonne and I have both actually
resolved to at least unless we find a
unicorn caretaker for the kids someone
amazing we're both cutting back to 80%
days here in the office and we're gonna
be doing one day a week each with the
kids and getting more family help so our
kids are just gonna be raised by family
moving forward if we're if we're able to
anyway one of the other things that I
haven't addressed on one show because I
wasn't here last week is a lot of people
have asked hey are you guys open so what
is Linus media group doing in order to
keep its staff safe because obviously
that's top priority for us not only just
for ourselves quite frankly Linus Media
Group is a super young company I don't
think we have anyone here over 40
actually our accountant well I think
it's like 43 but we don't have anyone
really with any significant risk factors
but just because you don't personally
have any risk factors doesn't mean that
this isn't a big deal because you could
easily transmit to someone who does and
it hasn't been demonstrated that being
young is a huge risk factor but being
very young is obviously a big risk
factor we've got a couple people here on
staff but do have very young kids now I
don't know if they've talked about it
publicly so I'm not gonna I have a baby
she's like nine months okay there you go
there's one there's one so I don't know
how private people are about these
things so I try not to be the one to
kind of break that sort of news but so
what are we doing
obviously mandatory hand sanitization
hand washing after any time you're
basically interacting with anything else
that someone else is interacting with i
when you first get to the building we're
going to be really militant about people
hang straight to the sink you know like
let's say you're walking in carrying
your lunch you don't put your lunch in
the fridge and then go wash your hands
no drop your lunch don't touch that
fridge handle I've been on people on
people yeah so we're doing that anyone
who can work from home we've had the
working from home we've had probably
about half of our staff in here which is
kind of nice to be honest because it
makes the whole social distancing thing
a lot easier
anyone with symptoms they are being
immediately sent home any kinds of
symptoms so we're not just limiting it
to co-ed things like fever like my
understanding is that someone who works
here is it sneezing or what's his name
there's just there's some respiratory
illness symptoms that are not
necessarily coded related but just
anything that looks like respiratory
illness we're having people get out of
here and go into quarantine immediately
typically I've been of the position that
the salaries that we pay are good enough
that if people need to take the
occasional sick day they can just take a
sick day and they'll they'll eat that
but what we've done as an exception
during this exceptional time is we've
implemented a sick I guess sick pay
policy so people we basically put aside
kind of a fund that if it runs out we
will reevaluate but for now we've put a
bucket of money and basically told
people like look don't abuse this this
is for people to make sure that if
they're exposed to something or they
think they're exposed to something or
they had any symptoms whatsoever that
they're able to self quarantine for two
weeks so we're making sure that people
are not going to be falling behind on
their rent or anything I was reading a
really horrible article earlier this
week about someone who basically got
laid off because their restaurant shut
down and they told their landlord and
their landlord was like well then you
better get another job like what job the
economy is shutting down so for us the
main thing
our mandate internally is we're gonna be
following all of the guidance that comes
from the BC provincial government so
right now we are in compliance with
everything that they're rolling out and
if they roll out a lockdown or they say
non-essential businesses need to close
then we will cross that bridge when we
get to it it might end up being you know
Riley wipes down a camera takes it home
and writes and shoots tech linked at
home maybe sends the files to one of our
editors then they
we're gonna make videos I don't think
it'll be at the volume that we're doing
now cuz like the cold hard truth for me
is that this is a huge deal but also
life needs to go on and like come on
we're a tech company there's no excuse
for us to not be able to use technology
to do our jobs like there's certain
professions there's certain industries
that are not going to be able to work
around this but we should have that
power so we're gonna do our best to make
sure that everyone is staying at work
you actually really did surprise me on
Monday we every Monday we have Monday
morning meeting us in all hands being
every one of the companies in one big
room and even though only half the
amount of people were here on Monday we
had everyone who's in the building had
the meeting virtually everyone was at
their own desk
yeah like teaming in to this big video
chat I kind of thought it was like is it
really that big of a deal but it's true
what if we were all in that room we
would have to be at least within three
feet of each other and that was just a
little thing that was cumbersome but it
reduced service factors yeah and we do
have a couple people who think that they
might have been exposed at some point so
those people are currently taking
advantage of no not taking advantage of
they're currently utilizing the sick bay
policy that we've put in place to deal
with this problem I just I wanted to
make sure that people don't have any
incentive to be here if they shouldn't
be here that's that's the thing it's not
like in normal circumstances if you had
a bit of a sore throat or a little
annoying little tummy ache or some you
probably just come in but in this case
we don't want that yeah you shouldn't
yeah you know what I do you know what I
really hope I hope that the one good
thing that comes out of all of this is
that we all take a moment did you see
those pictures from Venice Italy of the
water running clear yeah and apparently
there's like dolphins getting closer and
stuff like that yeah yeah I thought that
was absolutely incredible I there's
there's few things that bother me more
than an in-person briefing or an
in-person presentation for some new
product or something when it could have
just as easily been done as a WebEx
presentation
we'll be interesting to see how many
companies realize Wow actually working
from home made us more productive and
it's just cheaper for us and half our
company should be doing this at all
times and I haven't I haven't shaken
hands with anyone at a public event
except like when I have like a very dirt
moment because I'm exhausted or whatever
in years
strongly recommended I haven't gotten
sick in years I hope handshaking goes I
wonder today to what extent this will
change our culture permanently your
honor that's what I was just I was just
thinking about that the other day like
all the teleconferencing that people are
doing the way that all these companies
are switching to just doing their
product announcements online like the
problem that I see like the book the
thing that I see that could ruin it is
that if they do all this stuff online
and they all have a terrible year
because it's gonna be a terrible year
you won't be able to parse apart the
people who are gonna be hurt the most
are the people that are in your your
blue-collar labor jobs or service
industry jobs where nobody's going out
right you can't bring people together to
manufacture something you can't have
people sitting together enjoying meals
together so how are those people gonna
have jobs those guys are gonna be hurt
really really badly and they're not
going to be able to buy stuff so what I
worry is that companies are gonna see
how our sales sucked when we did all
these product launches online and
correlate something that may not be
correlated maybe when the economy
recovers next year or the year after who
knows how long we're gonna be in this
for you know maybe if they stayed the
course with this we could actually just
reduce our dependence on air travel
that'd be pretty cool yeah that's a huge
huge suck it's gonna be rough for anyone
who's hoping to buy American Airlines in
the dip but I don't see how that goes
for you maybe we should get on to tech
topics yeah sorry I guess I feel like I
got a little bit off topic but people
don't seem to people don't seem to mind
for the most part Mario madness yeah I
used to get sick at CES every year I
stopped shaking hands that was it and I
would carry around hand sanitizer and
any time I like
derp then I was like oh shoot I forgot I
don't shake hands anymore hand sanitize
stop getting sick period also not not
touching my face some are we all gonna
grow our hair out for the summer or what
uh I'm gonna get my wife to cut it we
won't even notice the difference
probably I was just finding it funnier
than you all right honest I was just
thinking about that the other day how do
I get a haircut while maintaining my
social distancing bubble I've got a huge
unibrow no surprise guys I get my
eyebrows did it's not gonna be possible
how are you sorry yeah sure I really
want to get into tech but I will talk
about the outfit um beat Sabre okay so I
saw I wasn't able to play badminton on
Monday I had actually already skipped
last week for some reason or another so
I haven't been playing badminton which
is my primary form of exercise you plan
to continue even though your social
distancing badminton yes badminton is
pretty social distance II I had planned
to continue to play but just maintain a
big bubble sanitize my hands in between
matches because you do touch the shuttle
and everyone touches the shuttle and
then no high-fives at the end of the
games that was kind of my plan
maybe switch to playing singles instead
of playing doubles so I don't have to be
close to anyone yeah but the place that
I play at that my friend runs they shut
down for two weeks at least so I don't
really even have anywhere to play so
what do I look like a white person to
you excuse me
it's not even the same game yeah anyway
so so I got two plans one is I'm gonna
be playing beat Sabre every other day
for at least half an hour it is
have you played I'm sure it's a cardio
workout it is GD are like fast okay it's
it's cardio yeah it's phenomenal workout
and then what I'm gonna do is I'm going
to put some badminton lines in my garage
just with tape like on the concrete slab
there and then there's footwork drills
that you can do that are really brutal
have you seen the size of a badminton
court right yeah so there's a really
great drill where you just take a couple
shuttles and you put them in one of the
very far corners and then what you do is
as fast as you can you lunge around the
court pick
I'm up all the way off the ground and
then back to Center and then pick a
corner and then you go and put it down
in that corner like put it down gently
because what it really trains you to do
is do controlled lunges and then push
off strong back off it and so you do
what is effectively twelve sets so you
grab one and take it
grab the other take it grab that put it
somewhere else grab that put it
somewhere else and then you go back to
start do you typically do drills like
that um when you're training yes you
know what I'm just playing no no I don't
really maybe you'll come back a better
player like Lance Armstrong after cancer
and drugs I would love to I would love
to it should be it should be doable
because that is one of my biggest issues
is that I don't work out I just play
really hard and I don't play enough for
that to really maintain me yeah I mean
I'm doing all right but I'm screwed all
my all my things are high contact yeah
jiu-jitsu it was like I I went a couple
weeks ago yeah it's like someone's face
on your face right I went kind of when
this was popping off and people were
starting to wonder what they should cut
out of their lives and I go there and
like within the first few minutes I got
someone spit on me guys kind of lispy
and like some spit like landing here I
was like this is done this is over then
if you would lift weights that's good
that's over yoga group class that's over
like I can't do anything I might go for
a jog and I hate jogging
I hate jogging so much go for Sprint's
sprinting suck I have bad knees so
jogging is like the worst basically the
worst thing you can do to your knees is
jog around in the city like on the
pavement yeah yeah I would do pavement
yeah so actually okay here's another
personal update I swear to you we will
talk to AK at some point so I I don't
know if I told you but I did end up
going and seeing the orthopedic surgeon
about my knee and it turns out that I
have a meniscus tear and it looks like
it is probably not going to heal so
there's like the the red tissue and then
the white tissue that doesn't have as
much blood flow and if the tear goes
into the white tissue then is the red
tissue also meniscus are only why it is
meniscus but it's like more likely to
heal it's at the outside blood yeah
because there's blood flow there
basically what he thinks the MRI was not
conclusive but what he thinks is that
there's a tear there that might be kind
of like a hangnail so if he just went in
and like kind of clipped it off it would
stop kind of going around and bothering
me and then maybe he can put back
together the part that's torn and that
would that would totally fix it with
just two little holes and I'd be off my
feet I'd be on crutches for six weeks
but that's a long time that's a long
time to be on crutches
especially my job like I move I actually
move around a lot at Webb stairs and
downstairs walks around like I some
people sort of talk about like oh how
does how's Linus look so fit I only I
play badminton once a week for two hours
and I move around a lot at work this is
like a 10,000 square foot warehouse and
more than probably anyone else I am
upstairs grabbing something downstairs
checking in with someone grabbing a
bunch of products from the warehouse
over there taking that back up to my
office opening them all up putting them
down picking them up like and you're the
type of person who often chooses to run
up the stairs oh yeah I do things fast I
always do things fast I always walk fast
take two stairs at a time all that kind
of little stuff it makes such a
difference I remember one of the most
life-changing moments for me was in my
sports psychology class like sports
psychology 100 and university and the
the professor basically said you know
how to have a six-pack just flex your
stomach all the time just when you're
walking around just just flex your
stomach all the time
I haven't done a sit-up in three years
at least but it's just like that's what
you do just everything you do do it hard
and I was like oh and I'm not in great
shape I could have better cardio and
particularly my legs like I think my if
I do those footwork drills I will come
back like way better but just little
things make such a big difference they
say that Okinawans in Japan lived the
longest one of their contributing
factors is that they don't sit on tables
and chairs like this to eat they dine on
the ground they sit on the floor right
and when you're just static going from
imagine my grandma in the West so many
of our elderly people are overweight
like
cross leg and then Stanny up would be
like a trial probably up to lino and
grab something if you did that a hundred
times in a day
Oh your longevity is yeah that's a good
point okay okay we will talk tech I
swear wait wait that's tough in DuBois
weird flex but okay I was actually
impressed by that that's that's what I
look like I'm not like I don't have a
lot of punch because you do a lot of
cardio and just you hold yourself do you
think you are right do you think you eat
well no you got a like a NW how many
times a week eww okay guys to be clear
Canadian a and W is not the same as
American a NW I would not eat that
garbage but Canadian a and W is actually
a lot better it's still fast food to be
very clear its burgers a prize its
burgers and fries though onion rings
there's some veggies in there oh so my
biggest thing over the last year is I
have cut out sugary drinks including
free juice
I basically don't touch it anymore and
that is such a huge thing I feel like
that's easy I think it's easier that
like for me if I have to choose and like
do I want to eat like do I want to eat a
whole bag of chips and slamming ice
cream or have pop I'm gonna cut out pop
that's gonna be way easier for me I love
orange juice really I love Tropicana
lots of pulp orange juice oh man good
but like I love it so much once you cut
something like that you find that you
look at it and you're like that's
disgusting I don't need that anymore no
I still love orange juice oh I love that
I love that nestea man oh your childhood
I can put back like you've probably had
so much I can put back a two liter of
nestea in like a single meal like I'll
make bathroom trips but like oh I love
that stuff so much sugar ice cold man
ice Cory love it so so no I wouldn't say
that I eat particularly well but I also
try I try not to just like go out of my
way to eat garbage so I mostly don't eat
like cookies and ice cream and like some
of my some of my favorite things like I
like I used to but the big one is
probably just cutting out sugary drinks
don't read any chats that's why we keep
not talking about tech yeah no no no I
swear it I swear you guys I'm gonna do
this okay here we go here we go
Xbox series expects announced this was
supposed to by vegetable stew on the
forum so the CPU is gonna be eight Xen
two cores at 3.8 gigahertz or 3.6 with
SMT apparently so SMT formerly known as
Intel hyper-threading but now that AMD
has it we're going back to the generic
non kleenex name we're going over like
that tissue paper you know named the
variable refresh rate compared to do you
think that's right so it means two
threads or actually more is it IBM that
does four threads per core on some of
their CPUs I think so but it means
multiple threads per core so that the
pipeline never gets empty and there is a
power toll there so that would explain
why they might need to drop the
frequency down a little bit depending on
the consoles doing yeah that's right
seven nanometer so basically this is
like like a risin risin nine whatever
the Bison said in something or other I
can't remember which one the eight core
like three high gigahertz one is the GPU
is going to be a twelve teraflop fifty
to compute unit one point eight to five
gigahertz custom our DNA to a graphics
card it's going to have 16 gigs of Gd r6
memory so it looks like we're seeing a
return of shared memory between the GPU
and the rest of the system and by the
way that memory spec is the same as the
PS 5 with those previous specs CPU and
GPU are actually a little lower than the
PS 5 PS 5 is clocked lower than that and
it has two fewer teraflops than that on
the GPU side in terms get a shock
interest storage is gonna be one
terabyte of custom nvme SSD why are they
doing a custom SSD like to just just
just use em got to Wow
yeah especially considering like my
first thought was maybe it's just the
the design of of the things that it fits
in this really tight chassis that
they're making but I'm much who's tiny
it's tiny there's no way you're already
just a computer okay other than the
shared graphics memory for the CPU so we
get a 4k UHD blu-ray drive 120 FPS
support I'm injured
in the 4k you you age the 4k blu-ray
drive why cuz I want nothing to have
Plex get good I don't have gigabit get
good don't have gigabit like networking
in your house oh no no we just got fiber
so I have I think 150 I bend down oh
okay no no no no so you can run your
plex thing in a closet though but I
don't have a plex server
I have an account my friend has one and
I like I'm on there okay well okay so
wait hold on be careful what you say
here cuz you're about this close to
James getting upgraded for a video okay
so my point is that the better way if
you're going to like watch a blue
because it really is the best way to
watch a movie especially if you have a
nice TV which I believe you upgraded
your team and by the way I bought my
OLED from a liquidation auction sale
from like something gets returned to
Best Buy I remember that yeah I remember
it had a little scratch about this big
tiny on the front yeah and I remember I
looked at the photos where I bought on
the auction and I was like oh that's
scratched the it was kind of an extreme
close-up photo so I know scale for the
scat scratch it was this long is this
long I didn't know where if it was in
the top corner in the middle I didn't
know it all I show up there yeah and
it's like right there in the middle like
on this screen it would be like here and
it's like about a centimeter long and I
was like
and then they gave me the option really
you don't have to take anyone you can
leave it take it or leave it and I took
it and then like when I got home I was
like why did I take this and you'll
remember I came into your office cuz I
was doing a bunch of research on how to
fill in scratchers like that oh yeah
there's a bunch of techniques on the
Internet yeah you wanted to make a video
out of it but then I think you wanted me
to sacrifice a different TV so that we
could find out the right method so that
you could do it oh no no I want no yuan
and you said we'll do it on your TV but
if it breaks you're just screwed and I
think no we'll do it on my TV and if it
breaks then like you have to pay for it
or replace it or something I was like
right get nothing out of this you get a
video and I guess nothing you would have
gotten free scratch removal kit or
whatever I'm gonna paid you to write it
anyway it's a non-issue I don't even
remember that the scratch exists yeah
most the time unless I'm watching in a
sunny day because the light has to hit
it right so so the blu-ray really is the
best way to watch a movie but and a 4k
blu-ray player is about a hundred and
twenty hundred fifty bucks is a great
value except that you can just okay so I
will confess to you I don't bother
ripping blu-rays anymore but much of my
Plex library not all of it some not all
of it's possible not all of its released
yet some things I admit I've been lazy
about and I'm a little bit behind but
much of my Plex library is physical
media backed but I don't bother ripping
them anymore but the ultimate is ripping
real blu-rays to a plex server and then
just using that to stream the media
around your house or out of your house
so I have a good enough connection that
from anywhere I can just watch a full
quality blu-ray copy what bitrate is
that so it goes like 70 goes up to as
high as like 80 plus depending on the
movie yeah so that's it's pretty heavy
but as long as your server is okay and
as long as your connections good enough
which yours is as long as you got the
biometric fiber connection I was invited
to yours and I streamed that could I
ever get that bit right considering my
fiber connection of 150 up and down yep
yeah I my in-laws are on it so you're
saying I need to get on that
no I'm not I'm not saying that I am
comfortable I'm comfortable sharing it
with people that I could just as easily
share a physical copy with I wouldn't
you wouldn't lend me you wouldn't I lent
you a book and you've had it for like
nine months
okay so here's that's true I haven't
finished yet so that's so here's the
here's the thing though that's where I
think you end up in this really really
slippery slope and I know that slippery
slope arguments are inherently flawed
but for me the line is as long as I have
in good faith made every effort to have
a physical backup copy I don't feel bad
about what is effectively not permitted
copying this media and hosting it on my
own server for my own consumption now
you're considering the distribution that
you're doing to be within the confines
of what you would do with physical media
yes and so it's easy enough to say okay
well hey we all work here together
everyday why don't we all just buy one
30th of every movie that comes out
because we could just share them with
each other create a work repository of
blu-rays board games over there
that's our physically we do and people
can borrow them so are physically backed
up you know digital library that we all
share and it's like oh okay now we're
getting pretty close to a torrent site
which is effectively what that is now
not always actually yeah in basically
every case any good quality torrent
would be from someone who paid for the
content yeah yeah Paulie won yeah yeah
yeah no even a bad one even at cam you
still paid to be in the theater
technically yeah so so that's well
that's you work there so
so I don't know so that's that's a
slippery slope so my line right now is
family I'm not offended you have many
employees family that's another slippery
slope someone else might be like oh I
want to be on it Luke's on it too so
family I'm Luke on it Luke's my except
he's fun he's on my google play music
account too I put him on like literally
years ago I know it was a one-man show
recently freaking guy you can you can
watch that on the lmg clips the specs of
this okay rights buzzer any player
that's 4k which I agree is a big deal if
you like are live in the Stone Age and
you like rent blu-rays at the store or
whatever you know what though there's a
blu-ray there's a video store by my
place that I would like to support but
they don't have 4k blu-rays and they
probably don't have them because no one
has a 4k blu-ray player because they
cost more and I'm wondering if when this
is really saturated and everyone has a
PS 5 or Xbox series X and they all have
these players maybe that store will
starts talking more because the 1s has
it but the 1s as I would be interested
to see the true numbers but I suspect
the 1s is a relative like the newer
versions of the Xbox one X SMSs and X
has it no X is the better one so any
would I came out after the s is more to
do with when they were released because
the original Xbox is actually better
than the s if I recall correctly is it
or are they the same performance can't
remember is the is just a smaller one no
no no no no the S has I think a greater
a better harddrive yeah and the X made
was a stronger site you can play 4k yeah
ok ok so anyway yeah so I would suspect
that because those didn't come until
later in the lifecycle a lot of the Xbox
is out there do not have these 4k UHD
blu-ray players so once we have a new
console that gets you know a year or two
into its life cycle yeah I think we
could expect your local movie rental
store if it still exists right that's
the type of business that might not make
it through it oh yeah for sure like
streaming 5 Netflix right now I'm
laughing if I'm Disney I'm laughing a
lot less because Disney Plus I'm
laughing but my theme parks I am oh boy
I'm not laughing they did you see that
we are never gonna get through these
specs did you see they were talking
about reopening Disney World
what with like reimagined visitor
experiences something or something like
that like they were working on it
basically I was like how are you gonna
do that it doesn't make any sense and I
know who would go how did this hit the
media like that seems like something
someone's thinking about long-term but
they would never have announced yet yeah
maybe I'm not sure okay let's let's just
ignore that let's pretend that never
happened so potential for 8k resolution
although I would not expect to be gaming
at 8k unless we're talking like you know
back catalog like Xbox 360 games or
something like that
ray tracing technology although we don't
know exactly you know what form that's
gonna take it certainly won't be using
any of Nvidia's proprietary nonsense and
compatibility with Xbox one accessories
that to me is like the coolest thing out
of all of that because everything else
was basically expected what other CPU
were they gonna use arm
exactly exactly going back to this we're
gonna we bought Sony's Cell processor
unit and we made a new cell prosecute
get real you know remember that Killzone
shoe trailer yeah 120 FPS wow what a big
surprise that an HDMI 2.1 connection can
run to 120 fps saying 8k or 120 FPS
doesn't mean anything because we don't
know what actual details the game is
running it you could go get it you could
go get an Xbox 360 and right if you had
an HDMI 2.1 output you could run a game
at 8k 120 FPS it might be pong but those
are just the smoothness moving balls
right the highest the highest resolution
pong of all time that ball so round it's
like that ball right at my face
yeah but that doesn't mean anything to
me the fact that they are finally
stopping this practice where we just get
Milt on re buying the same plastic
controllers when it is the same thing
especially when it's basically the same
perfected that controller I have four of
them I don't want to buy formula
expensive so whether whether whether
they did it through an adapter or
whether they just made it natively
compatible doesn't matter to me as long
as there's some way to keep using them
because that's one of the coolest things
about the PC is that I can still use my
logitech dual action that I bought in
high school because why not it's just a
USB connection everyone's just using usb
and so just using country standards then
just just use them it's just it is a
driver it's just that's all it is just
just load it on there so they're finally
doing it good to Microsoft Bill's love
it hah I'm the last thing the book I'm
looking at my car Ian even though I have
this I'm calm I was that the last I'm
completely calm well I have to talk
through the sponsors do you want to do
the Bessy demo with me or should I let
Nick go first Nick I'm sure oh that's
right LT t yeah we actually have a
couple things in stock even we've got
the water bottles back in stock which is
pretty sick we've got those we're back
on black ah black and orange do we have
black norwich what's happened there we
go so yeah we've got black and gold this
one is sick this one's actually just
really nice we have black and white
we're still giving away stickers with
every order right yep this is the most
creative way to arrange your stickers
and have we loaded up some of those just
like old items no or not yet oh okay
apparently we're going to talk about
that next
yep so guys we did not do another run of
it and we are not planning to do it I
mean should we do another run of it are
we still engaged with that factory or
did we find that they weren't very good
but we're not doing okay we're not doing
another run of the swagat you heard it
from Nick it's you know if you if you
want to complain about it that's gonna
be and at at Nick underscore LMG I think
on Twitter
yeah just blow up blow them up all right
blow them up OMG
ya know underscore yeah underwear is
still in stock right 3x salsa all right
sorry
sorry big boys going commando we'll get
you covered we'll get you covered again
later and for all of those of you who
were who were just really hoping for
this the cable ties are in fact still
available I know I know
see you can see there's so much there's
so much demand I can't even load this
pain oh that's right did they not show
it last week oh yeah yeah the the
redesigned store well no I mean I had
obviously seen to I actually haven't
spent time on here so it has the like
carousel style over there seconds it's
more than one page yeah yeah I know
right so it has this rotating thing up
here I'd like via the ltte logo and
linework there that's cool
yep so that's cool and then it's got
like our favorites which is sort of like
a combination of like top sellers or
things that are limited time or you know
whatever else or new then there's
clothing and gear and we're gonna hope
to add a lot more stuff over the next
little bit but as you guys know it's
been an extremely challenging time I
mean even just keeping something as
basic as a black t-shirt in stock has
not actually been that trivial so
massive massive shout out to the team
there they're working through it we've
got all kinds of stuff going did I ever
upload that story about the little
squishy thing there don't you have that
in your hand right now no no that's
that's something that this is just yeah
I'm really excited about that one though
all right all right anyway it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter all right let's
move on to our sponsors face so today
you were also on an episode of carpool
critics we talked about contagion yes I
you know what the shameless
self-promotion if we're gonna do it
let's do it voice so carpool critics is
a sort of like what would we call that
like an incubator project or like like a
skunkworks
type of project I don't know how to
exist in your mind this is news to me I
don't know exactly basically Riley James
and David were
really passionate and really excited to
do just a movie podcast and they were
like do you consider this to be a
conflicting media because in our
employment contracts here we say look
you can't utilize your Lynas media group
fame and influence to just go and be
your own tech youtuber on the side
that's not really how this works so we
work with people who want to create on
their own like Taryn for example where
we say okay yeah it can't be conflicting
or if you feel like it might be
conflicting have a meeting with me about
it like I try to basically basically so
they brought it to me right a first
refusal and I think it was a big
surprise I was like he's not gonna want
it but alright we'll have the meeting I
was like yeah because the the concept I
thought was great I didn't like the
original name or like some of like kind
of the direction you guys sort of were
pitching it at me from but what really
excited me was I loved hearing these
guys just talk about movies really loud
when they should be working out in the
studio because we would get into these
spirited discussions that sometimes
would make their way over onto Twitter
they would overflow like what did the
movie Hercules or Mulan oh don't get
David started on Disney don't get David
started especially on Hercules he thinks
that movie is so much better than it is
he is right it is better than I thought
it was we watched it as an adult it's
actually not that's not that bad it's
pretty good but it's not better than
Mulan and I'm not gonna be on that
episode I don't wanna I don't wanna
I don't think our relationship can take
it but the origin story is that we
carpool together and then the carpool
ended so we wanted to keep talking and
I'm making you pay for us to do that but
that's why it's called carpool critics
but one of the problems with that name
is a lot of people are like why isn't
this in a car yeah and I was like that
was one of the reservations I had about
naming it carpool critics but the spirit
of the origin is in the name but we have
to record it with good audio quality
here in the studio yes and it will get
better so when we finish the Reno's
we're gonna redo actually we're gonna
try to integrate the wine show into the
new podcast set we're gonna do carpool
critics there will get like some
displace or something so that we can
kind of Nick and I had a MIMO they come
back
so we might not always be sitting with
each other in watch Oh in the future you
might be just on you and then camera
switches to someone else that kind of
change I know give me rap okay we gotta
hold on here I got a hold on the good
there just think about the background
because we were talking about different
options for having different backgrounds
because let's say you have one room
where you're gonna use multiple
different shows and they each have their
own brand identity yeah you want a quick
way to turn a room around so that when
we're looking at carpool critics you
know you're looking at carpool critics
what option is mountable posters that
you can turn over maybe TVs that have
different browning displayed maybe a
curtain he's tough to make look not
tacky
I like curtains and they reflect the
heart of shoot I also like rolling or
sliding like solid backdrops oh we had
an idea that was novel yeah a shelf that
has memorabilia on it like bunch of
movie stuff on a shelf and that stuff is
glued to the shelf and you just take the
whole shelf off and you bring in the
next shelf with like all the gaming
stuff on it I actually kind of like that
that's that's pretty that's a pretty
clever idea I like it that's gonna be
sweet though because it will have a
proper room with proper audio stuff and
it'll be a closed-off room so that we
don't need to interrupt filming anywhere
else in the buildings that's a big
problem we have right now right now the
podcast is just in a random office up
there but it's bright beside Lines's
office so if they're doing a vlog in
Liza's office yeah we can't do the
podcast and then there's other sets down
here where you just can't tell them in
the kitchen while we're filming in the
bedroom presently the podcast gets very
spirited sometimes so anyway we decided
to do contagion which was a perfect fit
because David wasn't able to make it
because he's in self isolation because
he was advised that he may have come in
contact with a an airport worker I think
so he came back from our trip to Toronto
two days or three days after me like
just a little bit after me and that was
basically the difference was it had
spread that much more and he back on a
Thursday he came back on a Sunday yeah
and he was advised that he should self
quarantine for two weeks and so - I
don't know I wouldn't say celebrate but
to avoid really yeah to fill a void we
needed him good
on vacation so ya need you then so we
decided to do contagion hey can you
click on YouTube channel yeah sure can
you show us show us the banner and
everything sure nails car pool critics
nut pink you know you like that pink
look at this sexy guy here in James yeah
he shootin me look at this sexy guy here
and daniel radcliffe has a boat for
whatever reason ballast that was a weird
choice doing this one I know Brandon
really wanted to do it though we I was
happy to be there we did it actually and
they actually perform pretty well
alright cool this is a super
experimental thing for us but like if it
takes off you know hey cool it's just
another way for us to kind of talk to
you guys about something other than tech
because believe it or not we do have
lives I've been tempted at times to like
you know integrate badminton into a
video in some way I know like we
actually had a sponsor that had this
product that was like it was like a auto
firing type of birdie dispenser no no I
got robot that has an arm on it that can
racket we actually did do that video I
went to China for that video oh yeah
yeah anyway um so no it was it was this
like all-in-one easy to use like live
production kit and so it was kind of
like the equivalent of a like like a
nest cam but with like us an app so it
all went through your phone so you could
do like live switching and stream it and
it was like all Wireless or something
and so I was like oh that would be
pretty cool so I could just go to like
my badminton night and that could be the
video is using this to effectively like
broadcast a badminton match anyway they
they ended up pulling out I think my
suspicion is that the tech just didn't
actually work well enough for what we
wanted to do and so they didn't want to
send them to us to try it every once in
a while those kinds of things will
happen they'll reach out and they'll go
like yeah we've got all these great
capability and we'll be like yeah heck
yeah let's use them and we'll be like oh
we were actually really helping you
would just unbox it and say it's good
that's really a fast-moving sport maybe
a pet camera the implementation would be
better yeah yeah exactly
okay I should really get through our I
should really gets through our sponsors
that actually sponsor s so Vesey oh we
got to do the demo I didn't wear mine
today that's okay we got this I've been
wondering about this demo I'm doing here
we're gonna put it on the table so that
we actually can they see oh yes I can
enjoy that lower third off do that hey
you got it Vesey shoes are 100%
waterproof using a knit material the
diamond tex material regulates the
temperature of your feet on hot days
it'll keep you cool and on cool days
it'll help keep your feet warm they're
flexible they stretch
they're crazy light like they're super
lightweight look I could throw this at
Jane I have a pair of these not like
there'd be no danger whatsoever and
check this out I'm gonna put it in water
that's right I'm gonna leave this Vesey
shoe in water while I goes oh yeah sure
because I've seen you do this on one
show and when you pull it out I'm like
that looks like a wet shoe no no no so
I'm gonna leave it in here while we do
the rest of our sponsor spots I've se
footwear dot-com / - tech tips all that
sports are easy also sponsoring the show
today oh you just you've overflowed it
into my shoe like it went over the edge
when I took it out and made a wave yeah
okay well my hands still dry whatever
you know that's sweet I didn't realize
they'd forget it my arms wet now oh
whatever it can sit there Oh private
Internet access
display dang it dang it none of my lower
thirds are working ok does play here we
go over 35,000 artists from 85 countries
around the world have contributed to
this plate they have over 800,000 unique
designs that number keeps going up
including ones of us they plant trees to
when you buy dis plates
they've already planted over 11 million
trees they use a magnetic mounting
system that decreases the risk of
damaging your walls and allows you to
switch between your dis plates very
easily you'll notice we often have very
different ones back there you know we
should do yes sir she's trying to get
like fan-made ones like people should
tweet up us their fan art like every
week and we'll pick one and then that
week that won't be the new display
that's something hack Smith does a way
better job than we do of like compiling
fan art they have just like binders and
stuff of just this
using fan art that people have sent them
and we've had so many pounds of fat not
as much fan art but a lot of fan memes
which I consider to be an art form by
the way we have so many fan made memes
that are just outstanding oh is there
not a display of the Linus face yeah we
what a missed opportunity we owe it to
ourselves get back can it be the one
with the gun there are no tech tips take
off your clothes 100 day return policy
for a 100% refund which is kind of nuts
and you can pick between matte and gloss
finishes different sizes and frames for
every artwork they've got the LTT
collection you can use code LTT to save
15% a tell mggg slash display when the
show is also brought to you by private
Internet access private Internet access
won't do anything a VPN can't do it's
not gonna protect your credit cards or
your passwords or your identity all on
its own
it's just a tool that masks your IP and
encrypts traffic on your devices you
need to combine it with other private
browsing tools and safe practices to
make even savvy websites think that you
are somewhere else it can be used for
all kinds of things like saving money on
flights if you were to populate your
plex server with movies that you didn't
rip off of a blu-ray it makes it so your
ISP can't tell you doing that so it does
lots of good stuff but we're not gonna
oversell what it does their internet
kill switch prevents data from leaking
out if you're involuntarily disconnected
and you can try it risk-free with their
7 day money-back guarantee
they've got clients for Windows Mac OS
Android iOS and Linux and you can
connect up to five devices and once
check about an lmg GG /p I a win so you
can see how the water is like beat it on
there right pretty cool way actually up
there's a little part here where it's
soaked in a little bit it's not magic
it's just like it's a like it's kind of
dry
it's still dry on the inside but like
obviously eventually it'll leak but it
uses the same kind of concept as like
the micro hairs on a bug yeah you know
where it's it causes the the water to be
I think that just means at a micro level
the service is rougher than the like
what's that yeah there's a cool name for
this like whatever
whatever it's like what tensile strength
of a bubble you know what like whatever
let's talk about at least one more
attack topic before we should talk about
dx12
because it's pretty it's pretty late how
long have you been streaming for oh wow
we've been going for an hour we did a
whole land show and talked about one
tech topic darn it dx12 posted my
vegetable stew on the forum on their
blog Microsoft calls dx12 ultimate the
culmination of the best graphics
technology we've ever introduced in an
unprecedented alignment between PC and
Xbox Harry that's that's pretty
interesting actually it is pretty
interesting now to be clear this is not
a new API yeah it's more like a standard
feature set and that was one of the
problems actually starting with I think
actually I don't know if it really
started DirectX 9 even ran into this now
that I think about it where you had like
like 9b and 9c and there were all these
kind of like optional parts of the spec
that some developers would use or some
graphics card makers would support and
others wouldn't so basically this is
like okay we're going back to basics
this is DirectX 12 underscore 2 but
we're gonna call it DirectX 12 ultimate
and there's branding with it too so
you'll be able to buy PC components that
have this branding and if you buy an
xbox Series X that's crucial that
console is launching while this API
exists I believe 12 came out like
halfway through the lifecycle of Xbox
one so its developers couldn't they
didn't know what you can't go all in on
DirectX 12 when you know that there's
millions upon millions of devices out
there that you're gonna have to do like
a DirectX 11 code base for anyway so
these are the features that you know
you're gonna get Pathak's you have that
have that branding DirectX DirectX
ray-tracing
yeah variable rate shading mesh shaders
and sample feedback mesh shaders and
sample feedback are way beyond me I
don't really understand what they do
have your have you try to look into
those I am especially not familiar with
sampler feedback this is the kind of
thing that we're probably gonna have to
do actually we should send John a memo
we should do a tech quickie on this get
him to look into what there
quite technical like mesh shading best
shaders has to do with like the geometry
pipeline brain like but but the upshot
of almost well especially those last two
the option actually all three of those
other than ray tracing the upshot is
that you'll be able to get more
performance either by only rendering
like just rendering more efficiently
yeah like not rendering part of the
scene that you don't need or because
it's more efficient you can render
higher resolution the things that you do
want to see DirectX 12 ultimate is
intended to serve as a common baseline
for both PC game development and Xbox
Series X development thank goodness like
let's just do away with bad console
ports now we've got mouse and keyboard
support on the Xbox
we've got xbox controller support on the
PC there's just no excuse for like bad
navigation through menus and stuff like
that which makes it all the more
unbelievable then I bought the Master
Chief collection last week to play some
halo combat Evolved multiplayer co-op
with luke on my night off and it was a
hot mess like what did they give you
like a cursor that move with your thumb
stick no it's not that bad but it's just
like the way some of the menus are laid
out just made no sense whatsoever
joining a multiplayer Lobby was super
unintuitive and it was really buggy no
matter how many times I restarted the
game restarted my system rebound the
action either to defaults or to
something else that I had assigned there
was no way for me to swap my weapon so I
was stuck with the stupid assault rifle
the entire time and I would I would I
would look down at the weapon I want to
pick up and it would say hold whatever I
had assigned to swap weapons and no
amount of doing it would make it work
fortunately we were just kind of dicking
around anyway so we uh that's what
you're relegated to yeah
the secret cartographer level we managed
to get the Warthog all the way down
through the map room oh my god yeah I
have I had that brings me back I have
screen capture it's amazing we're
basically pulled up to it like a drive
through because I I like hit it and then
I mean old games right like just the way
that they worked was kind of more
cobbled together so I activated it and
then there must be some kind of a delay
between activating it while the cutscene
like switches to cutscene mode or
whatever but
I was able to turn and get into the hog
so I'm like hang in there in the
driver's seat in the cut scene in the
cut season in engine cut scene in the
warthog with the secret cartographer
looking like like a drive-through did
you ever play elder scrolls morrowind I
didn't get in tomorrow and that one was
jank there's a bunch of really steep
hills that you're not supposed to walk
up or climb but if you just keep hitting
jump all you do it you can just like
literally waves your way out and get it
into these stupid spots amazing someone
out there has the same childhood as me
all right sorry did I say secret
cartographer silent cartographer sorry
weird yeah oh yeah we should do some
super chats if you need to go that's
totally fine I don't really do you think
the games by the way games stop all
these stores are closing you can order
your clothes Game Stop is like you know
what we're not closing all of you chains
you stay open and if the cops has to you
show them this memo where we claim that
we are an essential service because
people are staying home and working
remotely and they need to but they need
our software they need games to play
when they're remote and we're staying
open this is ridiculous if you work
there it's like we believe Game Stop is
classified as essential retail and
therefore is able to remain open during
this time the retailer said in a memo to
staff are you for real GameStop you are
the least essential thing no offense I
think they're probably like we will go
to business which is a fair point but
like apparently this has been updated
and the California stores are closed
okay there you go
Oh interesting apparently people lined
up at EB Games today to buy Animal
Crossing and do in Toronto yeah really I
think you had to have it pre-ordered
though oh man I'm a crossing bro yeah
you know who was saying they were gonna
play a bunch animal was it Riley that I
was talking to thanks Don he was he was
making some animal crossing references
today yeah I think so or it could have
been you play it wait a mark I have
never played games where people explain
it to you and you're like I don't get it
this is stupid and then you play and
you're like I'm not putting this down
for 80 hours this weekend huh okay I
don't need another game like that I
played six hours of a no less
oh yeah I was up until like 3:30 in the
morning engineers oh I've got investors
now yeah did you play a silent moon I
never did animal Crossing's kind of
close to Salomon okay well that doesn't
do me any good does it well you know
what farm the Harvest Moon since they
stay silent I never plays yeah that
we're both loud silent photographer
secret harvest oh my god we've got a
hidden message here Linus has a small
dick you know what fine let's uh let's
let's go ahead and show this well now
it's got a bunch of other junk in it but
you know what I'm not gonna hide it I'm
not gonna hide it oh man is your wife
all right yeah I don't do I need ya it's
all relative be Robert al says just
closed on a house what are some good IT
/ life quality-of-life improvements for
family and kids good Wi-Fi you know what
I spend a thousand dollars on a Wi-Fi
access point like four years ago or
whatever
really I bought a ruckus r700 I spent my
own money on it so many people were like
this is so sponsored no one would ever
do that actually lots of people do them
they're for commercial deployments or a
lot of people do that is for commercial
deployments it was the best quality of
life improvement that I have made
technologically ever and I would
definitely say with confidence that
going back especially now that the
performance leaps per generation are not
that big
I won who previously would upgrade every
generation I would say I would skip a
generational upgrade and I would upgrade
my Wi-Fi instead I would go back and I
would do that 100%
Wow because the difference between
crappy consumer Wi-Fi that drops out or
has crappy coverage versus an enterprise
Wi-Fi hotspot especially at the time
when I was doing a lot of game stream on
my Nvidia shield night and day just the
amount of frustration and like just like
hey you know the Wi-Fi is cutting out
like calling me when I'm on a business
trip like I can't deal with that so
Robert why find what use case does he
have to have for that to be worth it for
him like if it's only him and his
partner and no kids and if he's not like
he's not game streaming depends on the
size of the house I would say good Wi-Fi
is like like if you have a houseguest
over and you have like crappy Wi-Fi do
you feel obligated do you feel do you
feel obligated to apologize for the crap
Wi-Fi in the lake guest room I would
maybe like that sucks like well how are
they supposed to maybe they don't want
to talk to you for you know a couple
hours you know you're a nice guy James
but I need a break need some me time you
know okay I'll watch my Netflix on my
phone that sucks I can't really relate
cuz most Millennials don't have guest
rooms ya know fat cat
don't eat me please I I would say get up
a day if you've never used one of those
you've heard of the bidets they have in
Korea and Japan if you've never used one
I would say get one I I was like thirty
bucks
what yeah the world well okay you don't
have to get a super fancy one okay let
me tell my story go I went to Southeast
Asia fine where they don't have the
fancy B days but they use like what I
call it some people call it bum gun I
call it but hoes basically looks like
the vegetable sprayer okay I'll buy your
kitchen sink yeah it's by the toilet you
gravity sprayer but I thought that was
amazing I was like this is better than
toilet paper it's like zero waste and
it's cool you could argue it's more
hygienic so I got one in my house yeah
it's a little different in Canada
because it's not a tropical country
where you kind of just dry off really
quickly but I used reusable diapers so
it sprays out it has multiple functions
however I was pretty satisfied with this
bum gun bum gun Dennis comes over I'm
like you're gonna love this as an Asian
I got your setup in there you're gonna
love this he goes he goes in there's
like the hell's this no one uses these
it's art they only use it in the
Indonesia and Thailand and Philippines
and stuff if you're from like Taiwan
like Dennis like they have the good one
I have a throne I went to a hotel yeah
in in Victoria and use a good one and
they range from my 300 to like $1500 and
first of all have you sat on a heated
seat oh yeah
it's amazing because you have like I've
traveled in Japan you have a muscle
memory for like when I hit the seat is
give me a little cold shock and when
you're surprised and that expectation is
subverted and it's warm you're like whoa
this is a game-changer and then like the
waters warm and like it blows dries your
bike it's sweet I I had to get a shuttle
picked me up from the airport when I
went to Japan for the the omron factory
tour and the shuttle driver didn't speak
a lick of English so when I had to go to
the bathroom halfway through this like
two hour drive it was real hard for me
to communicate like I was like trying to
mind what I needed to do so he pulls
over at what is essentially as far as I
can tell like a Greyhound station like
not like nothing really around it I go
into the bathroom at this thing so the
building is like the crappiest
facilities you would expect it's like I
would expect the bathroom to kind of
snow I would expect it to smell like
urinal cake at best right okay it wasn't
like a disgusting building or anything
but like I wasn't expecting a nice
bathroom the toilet was the nicest
toilet I had ever sat on in my life
because this is my first Japanese toilet
I was like it had a heated seat I
couldn't believe it it's mind-blowing
that this hasn't taken off in the West
and the funny thing is like you don't
even you don't even need like toilet
paper and a bidet don't necessarily have
to be entirely mutually exclusive but
you can dramatically cut down on the
amount of toilet paper that you use oh
dude we have this in our van show notes
there's a thing on here because of all
the hoarding that's been going on with
toilet paper
there's someone made this awesome
website where you can like calculate how
long your stash of toilet paper is gonna
last you it's at the bottom okay here
I'll go to your screen Oh
how much toilet paper calm which toilet
paper dark calm okay my wife she doesn't
even how many squares do you use do you
know the number it's you I would say
okay it depends depends depends
um I don't know you don't know ten ten
there's 20
what okay hold on over 10b it's like
like that long okay so probably more
like five or six dude
I fold over I don't I don't like to risk
yeah you fold over mine you can do that
with - dude I'm rockin - and when I was
really when I was really aggressive with
this you can do with one you do the
fault you do the fold around two fingers
men that is unethical of you that is
correct all right I'm being shamed
that's obscene ten I'm being shaped okay
that's fine anyway you can go on to this
website you can enter how many roles you
have and how many twelve Bizet's per day
and it's gonna tell you how long your
word is gonna last and it looks like the
default here is when it says three
hundred and seventy five percent of your
quarantine it's there to shame people
who ordered but these are these
dimensions are just not enough you need
to hit Advanced Options and you can get
into squares for a wipe every number of
wipes per trip sheets per her in value -
that is just that's for people like me
but I guess this is scale you can go
high enough for Linus
there you go ten maxed out hey Ted ten
is too much that would clog the toilet
so I okay I don't pay that close
attention I was gonna tell story about
how my wife just like grabs like a mitt
and dabs herself with it and then you're
just like her unbelievable had some fat
cats please don't eat me all right so
wow that was a long super chat response
we're gonna have to go a little bit more
quickly here I've been quickly says ltte
folding team leader thanks for the shout
out yeah yes they shouted out wrong last
week they call out the pcmasterrace
folding team those guys have got like
four times as many folders as ice let's
go sorry someone tagged me on the form
you like PCMR slaying right now we need
more help it's like yeah do this team
LTT like i don't know if you guys know
this but the LTTE forum has a huge
folding team like we are significant
join the team Billy C are you excited
about half-life Alex I am as non hyped
about half-life Alex as I think a VR
enthusiast could possible your half-life
is just I liked half-life 2 I played it
all the way through did you play the
first one I did not play the first one I
wasn't really into PC
at that point yeah okay and I tried to
play it like after playing half-life 2 I
was like oh yeah I've left I'm sick like
oh yeah this is not as good which it
makes sense I mean half-life 2 was like
great I guess for me as not already a
fan of half the half-life franchise with
those those memories with that nostalgia
for it I was so much more impressed by
far crying because it came out of
nowhere
launched like months before like
half-life 2 kept getting delayed
dude 3 was I don't remember if Doom 3
got delayed but like basically it was
all the media hi I think doom doom 3
half-life 2 bitches Bullet Bill Rosen
and then out of nowhere this tiny
scrappy Crytek delivers arguably and
equally visually beautiful just way
ahead of its time game with this kind of
free roaming level design I thought for
I played way more Far Cry than I did
half-life 2 is that game related to fear
members fear
I loved fear the first one was great
that was one of the first things with
havoc or was it
remember the physics being like unreal
interfere I don't remember
I'm sorry yeah I don't remember if it
was first with havoc yeah I'm sorry I'm
yeah you know what I'll play the remake
didn't the Black Mesa project or
whatever it's called there's like yeah I
was like a reskin of it in Source engine
I I do want to try Wow
you can tell how tired I am today that I
was up all night because I get like
these kind of rings around my face what
were you doing I was up playing on him
oh yeah right no I played for six hours
yesterday after I put the kids to bed I
was like I'm gonna go play on Oh for a
bit oh when you hate yourself when you
look at the clock and you're like that's
too late but you keep playing and you
know what I was talking about cutting a
lot of junk food out of my diet I ate an
ice cream bar while I was sitting there
those are nothing one of the many ones
though the little nothing those are like
irresistible to me I love ice creams out
these be almond the almond caramel one
that's like slate salted caramel almond
Megan dos bar I talked to my local
grocery store because a lot of the time
they don't have it in stock and that's
the only time I buy it because they
don't carry that flavor at Costco thank
goodness because if I bought a Costco
thinking
it was like Darren my freezer watching
me but anyway I only allow myself to buy
one box at a time which is three bars
and then only when I shop which I don't
shop that off and my job is laundry and
Yvonne does it shopping
I just hate grocery shopping I really
can't do it like I don't like laundry
either but I was like look I will do all
the laundry in this house if I never
have to go grocery shopping
I'm just so easy well well I guess
folding that's easy
yeah I fold and then I have to supervise
kids putting it away son actually way
but putting it away would be easier than
like making them do it was actually my
chore and I had to put away my wife's
clothes folding women's clothing is
sucks it's all oddly-shaped you're like
what do you do it I can't even tell what
this is it's like some weird shawl like
what drawer does this go in so I
actually don't put her laundry away yeah
I supervise the kids I do mine my
laundry is so simple if it goes on the
top it goes there if it goes on the
bottom it goes there if it goes under
either those two things that goes here
and here that's it we have the same
dress with my friends right I used to
have no dresser that was the move
there's no folding at all you just go
hang off hanger it's way better really
if you have a closet for it you have a
ton of space wouldn't it I lived alone
okay fair enough yeah all right
what were we even talking about absolute
Alex I think oh yeah right so I still
write I thought I hated myself what okay
yeah anyway half life Alex no I'm I'm
actually not that excited about it like
I played episode 1 I played episode 2 I
really sorry when it's here they were
like good but I don't you're gonna get
it you're gonna get it the right I
thought portal was better than any of
them there that's not a hot take porn is
great bar is a great game fantastic
I found half-life 2 a little bit
repetitive apparently the especially the
bit where you're fighting around the saw
blades and that like creepy village or
whatever oh yeah there's that we don't
go to Raven a home yeah yeah I ended up
getting kind of bored at parts of it but
I like really wanted to beat it and like
some of the segments where you're like
going around on the bridge I think it is
you know like kind of gone okay go up
this and then over here and like that
it's like a lot of hiking around and we
played trespasser never played
trespassory a lot of hiking you know
that game is no
it's basically like a Jurassic Park game
it's old it's 90s I'm gonna play it
though cuz I get it for free with my
index so like oh nice I'll play it for
sure one more yeah yeah yeah one more
sorry guys um some lay on Lee says you
play on the index a lot have you dealt
with it not getting recognized like 50
percent of the time I have to like
restart headset after I launch team VR
no apparent reason doesn't matter if I
like activate the controller's first or
like I don't know it's been like that
basically forever there are my fav
Android auto oh I love Android auto but
man it's so buggy something sometimes I
get in the car and it just like I can
feel the phone go through like the phone
knows but then the the car doesn't it
only happens in the one car that have
thanks Richard joy sorry I'm just doing
like some of the really big ones cuz I
feel really bad if I miss those Josh
text as we start a new gym a few months
ago this is affecting us a lot we're
offering online personal training oh
that's a pretty cool idea good for you
yeah way to adapt asked you okay last
one a steer says feathers or nylon -
excuse me
okay okay someone called me okay
somebody called me Loki racist or
something like that earlier when I was
talking about white people badminton
when I say white people badminton I mean
like like American like North American
perception of what badminton is like I
mean have you ever heard of the book
stuff white people like oh that was a
shuttlecock reference than nylon
okay so stuff white people like is this
is this book slash blog from like ages
ago and it's like yes stereotypical like
I'm a suburban freakin white people so
white people those white people think
that badminton is this game that you
play in the backyard like this a croquet
yeah yeah and the shuttle is like this
big and it's like floppy and like has a
big like you know rainbow-colored you
know fuzzy like foam ball on the end and
like that's not the sport that I play
now to be clear there are some places
where people with white color
skin do take badminton very seriously
Denmark for example has arguably Oh like
that Jersey in your office that's Peter
gotta who's was a real innovator when it
came to like trickery on the court trick
shots and he just had a really
interesting you say matter why people do
it the best no you are racist anyway so
Victor axelsson really big player for
Denmark right now arguably one of the
best he just won a big tournament over
in the UK there are some British
badminton players that are really good
but the powerhouses for badminton are
China Malaysia actually they've got an
up-and-coming player that might be able
to take Lee Chong Wei place but I was
gonna say man maybe not so much for the
next little bit but Indonesia it's huge
India absolutely huge so it's mostly
it's more of a Southeast Asian thing so
that's what I mean it's like playing for
real Z associations bro
yeah that's true India's not South East
that's a fair point but it's like it's
huge in Southeast Asia absolutely huge
it's really big in Taiwan as well Korea
do that now obviously table tennis ping
pong is huge in China as well do they
have like all the racket sports are huge
they're like squash and stuff you know I
have no idea I mean the thing about
travel pickleball you've got over a
billion people
pickleball for old people how about it
how about it's fun
have you played no oh it's a blast it
seems like it's really accessible yeah
they used to they used to move the nets
down after one of my dad mminton
sessions at the Rec Center like 10 years
ago and my doubles partner and I would
stay sometimes and play with the seniors
because they would bring the Nets down
and switch it over to pickleball like
right after the badminton semis cool
down for you I actually Yvonne and I
found this great site that's like it was
like a hundred and fifty things to do on
a date and we were like you know it'd be
fun if we do all of these things oh cool
like one by one we're just good we're
just gonna do them all so one of them
was hard you will be we're just starting
okay yeah but one of them was sign up
for a class together and we were like
okay why don't we do a pickleball class
cuz that's like you know fun it's
something we know enough about racket
sports that we wouldn't be complete derp
idiots but you know we'd still be
learning something new and they
literally didn't have a session that was
like in the middle of the day oh because
it's it really is just like seniors only
like all the promotional imagery was all
you know senior citizens I was like okay
well I guess we don't have to play that
game I really did quite a play I wanted
to take a class that's my wife one time
and I was like how will it dance I've
used I've done dance classes in the past
and she was like I'd rather die and like
we were closer to taking calculus
together really dance yes
ouch maybe it's just she doesn't want to
dance with you no I've seen her we met
on the dance floor
did you her the extent of her dance is
jumping she'll just jump up and down
okay so she could like go to a simple
plan concert and not look out of place
but beyond that not really
yeah maybe yeah more likely to find her
and like a Vegas or a visa she used to
be in the EDM day all right yeah so an
answer didn't response to your question
feather shuttles although that might
change they've actually got a synthetic
feather shuttle that they are trialing
in top-level tournaments that apparently
offers 25% better durability so they'll
go through they'll go through a lot
fewer of them and apparently plays
almost identically I haven't tried when
I really really want to try a synthetic
shuttle our synthetic feather shuttle
apparently flies just about identically
and should be a lot less traumatic for
the geese so the cheaper feather
shuttles are made they're handmade which
is like it's kind of shocking that you
can get them for like two dollars and
fifty cents or whatever each you not a
baby when you look at them but they are
they're handmade and it's only from the
feathers from the left wing of a goose
left only the left why the reason is
that it affects the aerodynamics of the
shuttle and all the it spins oh you want
all of them to be consistent they all
spin like ones right so they're they
don't kill the geese but they do pluck
them live and that's apparently
traumatic pretty pretty bad pretty
traumatic that sounds pretty 10 out of
10
terrible can you imagine like a goose
farm that's just like well what do you
do with it so you pick all the feathers
out of their left arm and then what you
like fragra yeah
I don't know if you let them grow back
or do you think the geezers like please
the other arm please just once the other
wing I don't know it's one so calloused
yeah I don't know man anyway yeah so
thanks hurt that's that's it for the
winch Oh guys it's time for us to go
home and enjoy our weekend inside
there's no jujitsu no jujitsu no
badminton thanks for watching see you
again next week same bat-time same
bat-channel
LTG SOCOM follow tech quickie follow
tech links follow car pool predict Oh
LMG clips
[Music]
what's the seventh channel again my -
catch it sweet
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
anything from in stream
last three years my segues glasswire
lets you instantly see your current and
past network activity detect malware and
block that live behaving apps on your PC
or Android device use offer code Linus
to get 25% off glass wire at the link in
the video description
[Music]
first up the unfortunately named 3rk
100-plus for around 17 US dollars it's a
10 key keyboard that is to say that it
does in fact have a numpad with slim
bezels rounded corners and a box that's
impossible to get the sleeve off of
there we go
and it's got RGB lighting or that is to
say it looks like it has RGB lighting
it's actually just multiple single color
LEDs giving you an RGB aesthetic you can
adjust the lights through for brightness
levels and as for effects they're static
or breathing but there's not actually
that many LEDs under the keys so the
illumination isn't very even the typing
experience also isn't great the board's
low 600 gram weight and mushy membrane
switches are bad enough although they do
have a tactile bump to that and then
mechanical feel been the egregious
levels of deck flex take it to another
level of suck this keyboard actually
manages to compress in the middle as you
type the problem is that it's all
plastic without a metal face or a metal
backplate to give it a nice rigid base
for you to type against the keys
themselves are clear painted plastic
which lets them use negative space to
let the LED light shine through legend
but the problem is that these types of
keys can have a chalky almost gritty
feel and a tendency to wear off after
just a few months of use also apparently
the white is really good at picking up
dirt or makeup too bad it can't pick up
something nice like this garment from
ltte store calm still the game rebut
easy to read legend secondary media keys
on the F row splash proofing drainage
holes and adjustable feet make the RK
100 plus an acceptable baseline at this
price point or do marry a challenger
approaches we ordered the intent g20 for
$14.99 but what we got is actually the
NK D 11 which honestly doesn't seem to
really matter they look about the same
the superior build quality of this board
compared to the last contestant is
immediately apparent the plastic looks
and feels more quality the switch
are a bit less mushy especially the
arrow keys for some reason and it's got
more reassuring heft to it
despite being a 10 keyless design
without the number pad it too has the RG
wannabe color scheme thing going on here
with 4 brightness levels this time but
it actually has three different variants
of it so you can pick your favourite
that is unless you want to use the
breathing effect that cycles between all
three of them for some reason the key
caps have a more corporate II legend
that's easier to read but might make you
lose some for tonight street cred and
mixes of the backlight doesn't shine as
brightly through the numeric and the F
keys whose symbols are smaller you've
still got to worry about the paint
wearing off the key caps but at least
they're contoured for a nicer typing
experience the legs have rubber feet on
them and the LEDs automatically turn off
after 10 minutes of inactivity this
thing is a pretty good value but the
styling and higher-quality cardboard of
this next box gives me confidence this
is the DB power k 928 for 1990 hey hold
on a second this is the same keyboard as
the first one it's just black and now
that I think about it this is the same
keyboard that was in our roundup from
three years ago wait what if this one's
the same no these are all the same yes
my friends four of our eight keyboards
obviously came from exactly the same
factory wow that's just great that means
all of them are gonna have the same Dec
flex poor switch feel and paint
overspray on three key caps as the first
one but that actually doesn't mean that
they are exactly the same the DB power
here has a braided cable weighs almost
70 grams more somehow and has three LED
color options though it defaults to red
on maximum brightness every time you
plug it in and if you want the breathing
effect it has to cycle through all three
but hey at least it's got a 2-year
warranty
except the inside of the box and the
website both say one year and wait
exclusive offers invites to sales event
that's not a warranty this is marketing
you as for the Nephi T
Wow that's for this one feels even
flimsy is on how this one hits the
features to price sweet spot though that
is unless you think the DB powers
braided cable is worth an extra three
dollars for $24 you can also get the
blue finger combo I take it back
it was the same cleansiness this one
includes the keyboard a blue finger
Mouse and even a cloth type mousepad now
I'm not sure that I would recommend it
the board is lighter than its cousins it
has the European style Enter key which
can be very annoying if you're not used
to it and instead of giving it a
dedicated lighting key like the other
ones they mapped it to scroll lock
except it's not like function and scroll
lock it's just scroll lock I mean yeah
people barely ever use the scroll lock
but mapping two functions to one key is
generally a pretty bad time and the
funny thing is they went ahead and they
did that on the mouse again so it's the
same button that changes the DPI and the
color of the LED which is fine if you
look at your mouse to remember what dpi
setting you're on and you want to be
able to tell quickly but it just means
less configurability if you were trying
to like make your whole desk setup match
or something now I would excuse that if
this for a good Mouse but it's not
thankfully at least the mouse pad is
exquisite exquisitely ripping off bloody
gaming's bloody hand thing if you're
looking for a combo I'd say you're
better off going for the re RK 900 plus
combo it's the same price and it
actually does not include a mousepad but
it's just better in every other possible
oh wow this I have made a mess it's the
heaviest board of the bunch with the
least debt flex it's got dedicated media
buttons up top and curiously on the
function row as well lol along with
drainage holes legs a braided cable and
an integrated wrist rest the lights can
be breathing for static through six
brightness levels but while the manual
and apparently other customers indicate
that you can cycle through multiple
colors ours doesn't seem to have any way
to do that as for the mouse it too has a
braided cable although it doesn't match
the keyboards for some reason it's got
nice tactile clicks it's got eight
buttons and a soft touch rubber finish
it's probably best suited for larger
hands and I think ours might have a
light out because it's not very
consistently lit but it is a nice
inclusion considering you're only paying
a couple extra bucks for it
next up we have the perixx parry board
317 value creator this one was designed
in Germany and made in China I'm gonna
call this one a Boomer board it's got a
huge readable legend a simple white
backlight that goes on and off and this
on how that's really done and it's got
all the keys you're used to with none
that you're not it's only 500 grams
it's bendy it's mushy and the two short
cord terminates in a USB plug that's
easy to remove but fights you on the way
in somehow basically I don't recommend
this one bringing us finally to the rush
RK 303 now ours has Turkish writing on
the box so I guess it shouldn't be a
surprise that it features a European ISO
layout and some extra symbols on the
keys it apparently has a compact design
ideal for shooter games despite looking
like a regular old keyboard to me it's
got no legs and apparently it breaks if
you rage but hey it does have a smashing
looking gray cable and an integrated
wrist rest so I guess compared to the
rest of them it's it's fine I guess
my official recommendation out of these
boards then is the N pet g11 where'd it
go here
if you don't mind a 10 kilos which
leaves you more room for your mouse and
gives you a more ergonomic stance for
gaming or if you do need a numpad I
would actually go with we're gonna go
here it is the re RK 900 plus which is
decent enough and also comes with what I
would consider to be basically a free
grade mouse that is to say sometimes it
comes with that sometimes it doesn't you
know what comes with our videos though
every time segues to sponsors like Micro
Center the main gear element gaming
laptop is available at 25 micro central
locations as well as on Amazon
it features an Intel Core i7 97 50 H
processor nvidia geforce r-tx 27 t
graphics 32 gigs of ram a 2 terabyte SSD
and if you purchase it at your nearest
micro center store you can save an
additional $100 check out this and other
micro center specials at the links down
below if you guys enjoyed this video
check out our previous cheap keyboard
roundup or if you've got some more cash
to spare how about our mid-range
keyboard roundup
last three years my segues glasswire
lets you instantly see your current and
past network activity detect malware and
block that live behaving apps on your PC
or Android device use offer code Linus
to get 25% off glass wire at the link in
the video description
[Music]
first up the unfortunately named 3rk
100-plus for around 17 US dollars it's a
10 key keyboard that is to say that it
does in fact have a numpad with slim
bezels rounded corners and a box that's
impossible to get the sleeve off of
there we go
and it's got RGB lighting or that is to
say it looks like it has RGB lighting
it's actually just multiple single color
LEDs giving you an RGB aesthetic you can
adjust the lights through for brightness
levels and as for effects they're static
or breathing but there's not actually
that many LEDs under the keys so the
illumination isn't very even the typing
experience also isn't great the board's
low 600 gram weight and mushy membrane
switches are bad enough although they do
have a tactile bump to that and then
mechanical feel been the egregious
levels of deck flex take it to another
level of suck this keyboard actually
manages to compress in the middle as you
type the problem is that it's all
plastic without a metal face or a metal
backplate to give it a nice rigid base
for you to type against the keys
themselves are clear painted plastic
which lets them use negative space to
let the LED light shine through legend
but the problem is that these types of
keys can have a chalky almost gritty
feel and a tendency to wear off after
just a few months of use also apparently
the white is really good at picking up
dirt or makeup too bad it can't pick up
something nice like this garment from
ltte store calm still the game rebut
easy to read legend secondary media keys
on the F row splash proofing drainage
holes and adjustable feet make the RK
100 plus an acceptable baseline at this
price point or do marry a challenger
approaches we ordered the intent g20 for
$14.99 but what we got is actually the
NK D 11 which honestly doesn't seem to
really matter they look about the same
the superior build quality of this board
compared to the last contestant is
immediately apparent the plastic looks
and feels more quality the switch
are a bit less mushy especially the
arrow keys for some reason and it's got
more reassuring heft to it
despite being a 10 keyless design
without the number pad it too has the RG
wannabe color scheme thing going on here
with 4 brightness levels this time but
it actually has three different variants
of it so you can pick your favourite
that is unless you want to use the
breathing effect that cycles between all
three of them for some reason the key
caps have a more corporate II legend
that's easier to read but might make you
lose some for tonight street cred and
mixes of the backlight doesn't shine as
brightly through the numeric and the F
keys whose symbols are smaller you've
still got to worry about the paint
wearing off the key caps but at least
they're contoured for a nicer typing
experience the legs have rubber feet on
them and the LEDs automatically turn off
after 10 minutes of inactivity this
thing is a pretty good value but the
styling and higher-quality cardboard of
this next box gives me confidence this
is the DB power k 928 for 1990 hey hold
on a second this is the same keyboard as
the first one it's just black and now
that I think about it this is the same
keyboard that was in our roundup from
three years ago wait what if this one's
the same no these are all the same yes
my friends four of our eight keyboards
obviously came from exactly the same
factory wow that's just great that means
all of them are gonna have the same Dec
flex poor switch feel and paint
overspray on three key caps as the first
one but that actually doesn't mean that
they are exactly the same the DB power
here has a braided cable weighs almost
70 grams more somehow and has three LED
color options though it defaults to red
on maximum brightness every time you
plug it in and if you want the breathing
effect it has to cycle through all three
but hey at least it's got a 2-year
warranty
except the inside of the box and the
website both say one year and wait
exclusive offers invites to sales event
that's not a warranty this is marketing
you as for the Nephi T
Wow that's for this one feels even
flimsy is on how this one hits the
features to price sweet spot though that
is unless you think the DB powers
braided cable is worth an extra three
dollars for $24 you can also get the
blue finger combo I take it back
it was the same cleansiness this one
includes the keyboard a blue finger
Mouse and even a cloth type mousepad now
I'm not sure that I would recommend it
the board is lighter than its cousins it
has the European style Enter key which
can be very annoying if you're not used
to it and instead of giving it a
dedicated lighting key like the other
ones they mapped it to scroll lock
except it's not like function and scroll
lock it's just scroll lock I mean yeah
people barely ever use the scroll lock
but mapping two functions to one key is
generally a pretty bad time and the
funny thing is they went ahead and they
did that on the mouse again so it's the
same button that changes the DPI and the
color of the LED which is fine if you
look at your mouse to remember what dpi
setting you're on and you want to be
able to tell quickly but it just means
less configurability if you were trying
to like make your whole desk setup match
or something now I would excuse that if
this for a good Mouse but it's not
thankfully at least the mouse pad is
exquisite exquisitely ripping off bloody
gaming's bloody hand thing if you're
looking for a combo I'd say you're
better off going for the re RK 900 plus
combo it's the same price and it
actually does not include a mousepad but
it's just better in every other possible
oh wow this I have made a mess it's the
heaviest board of the bunch with the
least debt flex it's got dedicated media
buttons up top and curiously on the
function row as well lol along with
drainage holes legs a braided cable and
an integrated wrist rest the lights can
be breathing for static through six
brightness levels but while the manual
and apparently other customers indicate
that you can cycle through multiple
colors ours doesn't seem to have any way
to do that as for the mouse it too has a
braided cable although it doesn't match
the keyboards for some reason it's got
nice tactile clicks it's got eight
buttons and a soft touch rubber finish
it's probably best suited for larger
hands and I think ours might have a
light out because it's not very
consistently lit but it is a nice
inclusion considering you're only paying
a couple extra bucks for it
next up we have the perixx parry board
317 value creator this one was designed
in Germany and made in China I'm gonna
call this one a Boomer board it's got a
huge readable legend a simple white
backlight that goes on and off and this
on how that's really done and it's got
all the keys you're used to with none
that you're not it's only 500 grams
it's bendy it's mushy and the two short
cord terminates in a USB plug that's
easy to remove but fights you on the way
in somehow basically I don't recommend
this one bringing us finally to the rush
RK 303 now ours has Turkish writing on
the box so I guess it shouldn't be a
surprise that it features a European ISO
layout and some extra symbols on the
keys it apparently has a compact design
ideal for shooter games despite looking
like a regular old keyboard to me it's
got no legs and apparently it breaks if
you rage but hey it does have a smashing
looking gray cable and an integrated
wrist rest so I guess compared to the
rest of them it's it's fine I guess
my official recommendation out of these
boards then is the N pet g11 where'd it
go here
if you don't mind a 10 kilos which
leaves you more room for your mouse and
gives you a more ergonomic stance for
gaming or if you do need a numpad I
would actually go with we're gonna go
here it is the re RK 900 plus which is
decent enough and also comes with what I
would consider to be basically a free
grade mouse that is to say sometimes it
comes with that sometimes it doesn't you
know what comes with our videos though
every time segues to sponsors like Micro
Center the main gear element gaming
laptop is available at 25 micro central
locations as well as on Amazon
it features an Intel Core i7 97 50 H
processor nvidia geforce r-tx 27 t
graphics 32 gigs of ram a 2 terabyte SSD
and if you purchase it at your nearest
micro center store you can save an
additional $100 check out this and other
micro center specials at the links down
below if you guys enjoyed this video
check out our previous cheap keyboard
roundup or if you've got some more cash
to spare how about our mid-range
keyboard roundup
we've taken the time to see which ones
ain't worth Monterey Jack and which ones
are a good choice those are some pretty
cheesy jokes just like my segways to our
sponsor Thermal Grizzlies conductor not
liquid metal thermal interface material
offers maximum cooling performance check
it out and keep things cool at the link
in the video description
[Music]
at just over $49 logitech's G 305
Wireless may be small but it packs a
punch
it's got Omron switches all around a
mechanical button tensioning system that
gives it a very satisfying and tactile
click it's got a low profile scroll
wheel it's smooth and accurate a
convenient on-the-fly dpi switch and all
six of the buttons are reprogrammable
using Logitech G hub software sadly it's
got no RGB lighting but if I had to pick
that or the g3 or fives onboard memory
to save my profile I would make the same
decision that Logitech's engineers did
when you first pick it up it honestly
feels a little cheap but part of that is
that it weighs just 96 grams for large
hands it's usable if you choke up on the
mouse and use a claw grip but that could
get tiring during an extended play
session for smaller hands you're still
not gonna be palming it but I had no
comfort issues whatsoever its textured
sides make it easy to pick up in spite
of its lack of rubberized grips and the
thumb buttons are perfectly positioned
out of the way until you need them the
biggest selling points of the G 305
Wireless though our lodge attacks aptly
named hero sensor giving this mouse very
accurate and very fast tracking with no
inherent acceleration and Logitech's
Lightspeed wireless technology for
extremely low latency operation with a
rated battery life of 250 hours off a
single double-a battery a dongle
compartment and an on/off switch on the
bottom it's this roundups most expensive
Mouse but it also punches way above its
weight class in terms of performance the
Razer basilisk is a middle ground
entrant at $39.99 and a hundred and four
grams its cord is braided and very
flexible the plastic has a smooth rough
texture to it that feels nice to hold
and comes in black pink and white and
it's got Razer zone switches which feel
great
no surprise there though considering
that they're sourcing them from Imran
the eight programmable buttons can be
customized with Razer synapse software
and it includes on-the-fly dpi control
along with a dpi clutch for temporarily
dropping from your current dpi to a much
lower one for precision aiming you can
adjust the height of this button or
remove it entirely with the included
accessories - nice now this is another
comfortable Mouse for large hands
nice high arch ribbed rubber sides and a
thumb shelf that makes for a nice secure
hold no matter what kind of a grip you
use and raisers 5g pmw 3390 sensor is
both fast and accurate another neat
feature of the basilisk is its
adjustable scroll wheel so the bottom
here has this little tiny dial that will
actually change the resistance of the
scroll wheel on top super cool there's
also a dedicated switch for cycling
through the five onboard profiles that
are available and tastefully applied RGB
two great options so far this is going
great
next up is the red dragon M 908 impact
RGB at 32 dollars and 87 cents it is
terrible
the only redeeming quality of this
mounts is the eight piece weight set
that allows you to go from a hundred and
seventeen grams all the way up to 139
grams so as a paperweight we absolutely
love this one but as a mouse you could
do much better she should choose get a
G's at sundered instead where's my g 600
that there is now it is a little heavy
and non adjustably so at 136 grams but
all of the G 620 buttons can be
reprogrammed with G hub and saved to one
of the three onboard profiles you get a
little bit of RGB customization and you
get on-the-fly dpi switches macro Kings
rejoice if you have large hands you're
gonna love the Spoony experience and
holding this one
and somehow Logitech even still managed
to make it comfortable for those of us
who are less well-endowed FPS gamers
though need not apply we noticed the
left-right and ring yes it has three
clicks all have relatively long travel
distances and the thumb buttons while
plenty are a little on the mushy feeling
side and they don't give you much
feedback also if you pick up the mouse
to reposition it on your mouse pad there
is a reasonable chance that you'll miss
click a thumb button or the ring button
it uses an older but still very
respectable Avago s 9808 sensor but
here's the thing it may have some
drawbacks but at $33 this is a lot of
Mouse for the money if your hope to
increase your macro game or even if you
just want to use it as a Productivity
at the office our first ambidextrous
design of the day the Razer lancehead
tournament edition is also just $39.99
and just slightly heavier than the
basilisk at 105 grams so there's so much
shared between the two razor mice so far
that we're gonna focus on the
differences there's one less memory
profile on board no scroll wheel
adjustment though the wheel does feel
pretty good it's got one more
programmable button and it's available
in an extra color gunmetal the lens head
is slightly smaller and symmetrical so
with large hands it's not as comfortable
when palming but a claw grip is still
reasonably comfortable and as for small
hands well the size is actually just
right for a palm grip but in practice
it's just not as comfortable in the left
or in the right hand the middle mouse
click is a little bit spongy but we have
no performance complaints making this a
solid option for both righties and
lefties HyperX is shining bright with
their pulse fire surge each of its 32
RGB LEDs is individually customizable
with their ingenuity software which can
also be used to reprogram it's six
buttons the picsArt 3389 sensor is
well-liked for its fast accurate
tracking and the surge also boasts armor
on switches rubberized sides and on the
fly dpi switching all at a svelte 100
gram weight now the mouse can feel a bit
back end heavy when you're lifting it
off the table but the smooth rubber
sides do help a fair bit as long as you
don't mind a claw grip its symmetrical
shape means that palming is out pretty
much regardless of your hand size the
side buttons are well positioned but
only on the left meaning that it's
asymmetrical but not and be dexterous
design a bit of a strange choice but
overall while the surge is a tad
expensive for its feature set
hey good RGB is good RGB now razors back
with the Death Adder elite for $33 you
get a no-nonsense high performance mouse
with razor on run switches the 5 g pmw
3390 optical sensor and chroma RGB it is
one of the bigger mice in the roundup
but it only weighs a hundred and two
grams still and feels balanced in the
hand the seven buttons availab
are all reprogrammable in synapse and
it's got the same nicely braided cord as
its razor brethren and a scroll wheel
with a satisfying click under a large or
a small hand the mouse is most
comfortable while palming because with a
claw style grip it's a little harder to
grasp due to the comfortable but
slightly slippery rubber side grips the
thumb buttons are nearly as satisfying
and quick to actuate as the g3 o5s
buttons and overall it delivers
fantastic performance while being one of
the less expensive options in our lineup
here the g4 o3 is priced at just 43
dollars and finds itself in the
featherweight class at 89 grams it is
similar in size to be basilisk and the
Lance head but with a slightly narrower
rear end and both palm and claw grips
allowing for what feels like a very
secure grip with little required force
now where the 305 Wireless used up its
budget on being well Wireless the 403
clearly spent it on build quality
besides have smooth but still
surprisingly grippy feeling rubber the
thumb buttons are fast and clicky
because Logitech put armor on switches
in all six of the programmable keys it's
got a flexible braided cable attached to
the body and there are two RGB zones for
you to customise in G hub for dessert
logitech included a 10 gram disk to help
bunk the g4 o3s overall weight to 99
grams if you're into that making the G
403 a killer value so if RGB is your
thing I guess the pulse fire surge is
the way to go you just can't beat 32
addressable LEDs if you're a lefty you
can enjoy your smorgasbord of choice you
can have a razor Lance head or a razor
Lance head see that right there if you
like a lot of buttons you can get the
red dragon I'm just kidding you should
get the G 600 that's definitely the way
to go if you like to palm grip and
especially if you have larger hands the
Death Adder Elite stands out and if
you're a pure FPS gamer well I like the
basilisk or the G 403 best if you can
deal with the cord drag or a 305
Wireless if you don't mind cheeping out
on some of the creature comforts for
zero compromises Wireless performance
as for the answer to our original
question who is the king come on it's
you everything I just listed is a pretty
darn good value and choosing just one is
impossible there's no such thing as a
perfect Mouse only the perfect Mouse for
you you can't do that
you have to pick one I pick our sponsor
freshbooks is the only one business
invoicing an accounting solution that's
designed to be simple and intuitive
because this cold hard truth is you
don't have to be an accounting wizard to
be great at doing whatever it is you
love to do whether you're a small
business owner or a freelancer with
fresh books you can automate boring
tasks like invoicing and organising
expenses and tracking time and following
up with people and the best part is that
everything stored in the cloud so you
can switch from your PC to your mobile
device with these start your 30-day free
trial right now at FreshBooks com
forward slash tech tips pricing starts
at just fifteen dollars a month with
their $25 a month package handling up to
50 billable clients thanks for watching
guys if you enjoyed this video maybe
check out our recent budget keyboard
roundup who you could pare your budget
Mouse with a budget keyboard then you
can have budget gaming although all up
in the place
we've taken the time to see which ones
ain't worth Monterey Jack and which ones
are a good choice those are some pretty
cheesy jokes just like my segways to our
sponsor Thermal Grizzlies conductor not
liquid metal thermal interface material
offers maximum cooling performance check
it out and keep things cool at the link
in the video description
[Music]
at just over $49 logitech's G 305
Wireless may be small but it packs a
punch
it's got Omron switches all around a
mechanical button tensioning system that
gives it a very satisfying and tactile
click it's got a low profile scroll
wheel it's smooth and accurate a
convenient on-the-fly dpi switch and all
six of the buttons are reprogrammable
using Logitech G hub software sadly it's
got no RGB lighting but if I had to pick
that or the g3 or fives onboard memory
to save my profile I would make the same
decision that Logitech's engineers did
when you first pick it up it honestly
feels a little cheap but part of that is
that it weighs just 96 grams for large
hands it's usable if you choke up on the
mouse and use a claw grip but that could
get tiring during an extended play
session for smaller hands you're still
not gonna be palming it but I had no
comfort issues whatsoever its textured
sides make it easy to pick up in spite
of its lack of rubberized grips and the
thumb buttons are perfectly positioned
out of the way until you need them the
biggest selling points of the G 305
Wireless though our lodge attacks aptly
named hero sensor giving this mouse very
accurate and very fast tracking with no
inherent acceleration and Logitech's
Lightspeed wireless technology for
extremely low latency operation with a
rated battery life of 250 hours off a
single double-a battery a dongle
compartment and an on/off switch on the
bottom it's this roundups most expensive
Mouse but it also punches way above its
weight class in terms of performance the
Razer basilisk is a middle ground
entrant at $39.99 and a hundred and four
grams its cord is braided and very
flexible the plastic has a smooth rough
texture to it that feels nice to hold
and comes in black pink and white and
it's got Razer zone switches which feel
great
no surprise there though considering
that they're sourcing them from Imran
the eight programmable buttons can be
customized with Razer synapse software
and it includes on-the-fly dpi control
along with a dpi clutch for temporarily
dropping from your current dpi to a much
lower one for precision aiming you can
adjust the height of this button or
remove it entirely with the included
accessories - nice now this is another
comfortable Mouse for large hands
nice high arch ribbed rubber sides and a
thumb shelf that makes for a nice secure
hold no matter what kind of a grip you
use and raisers 5g pmw 3390 sensor is
both fast and accurate another neat
feature of the basilisk is its
adjustable scroll wheel so the bottom
here has this little tiny dial that will
actually change the resistance of the
scroll wheel on top super cool there's
also a dedicated switch for cycling
through the five onboard profiles that
are available and tastefully applied RGB
two great options so far this is going
great
next up is the red dragon M 908 impact
RGB at 32 dollars and 87 cents it is
terrible
the only redeeming quality of this
mounts is the eight piece weight set
that allows you to go from a hundred and
seventeen grams all the way up to 139
grams so as a paperweight we absolutely
love this one but as a mouse you could
do much better she should choose get a
G's at sundered instead where's my g 600
that there is now it is a little heavy
and non adjustably so at 136 grams but
all of the G 620 buttons can be
reprogrammed with G hub and saved to one
of the three onboard profiles you get a
little bit of RGB customization and you
get on-the-fly dpi switches macro Kings
rejoice if you have large hands you're
gonna love the Spoony experience and
holding this one
and somehow Logitech even still managed
to make it comfortable for those of us
who are less well-endowed FPS gamers
though need not apply we noticed the
left-right and ring yes it has three
clicks all have relatively long travel
distances and the thumb buttons while
plenty are a little on the mushy feeling
side and they don't give you much
feedback also if you pick up the mouse
to reposition it on your mouse pad there
is a reasonable chance that you'll miss
click a thumb button or the ring button
it uses an older but still very
respectable Avago s 9808 sensor but
here's the thing it may have some
drawbacks but at $33 this is a lot of
Mouse for the money if your hope to
increase your macro game or even if you
just want to use it as a Productivity
at the office our first ambidextrous
design of the day the Razer lancehead
tournament edition is also just $39.99
and just slightly heavier than the
basilisk at 105 grams so there's so much
shared between the two razor mice so far
that we're gonna focus on the
differences there's one less memory
profile on board no scroll wheel
adjustment though the wheel does feel
pretty good it's got one more
programmable button and it's available
in an extra color gunmetal the lens head
is slightly smaller and symmetrical so
with large hands it's not as comfortable
when palming but a claw grip is still
reasonably comfortable and as for small
hands well the size is actually just
right for a palm grip but in practice
it's just not as comfortable in the left
or in the right hand the middle mouse
click is a little bit spongy but we have
no performance complaints making this a
solid option for both righties and
lefties HyperX is shining bright with
their pulse fire surge each of its 32
RGB LEDs is individually customizable
with their ingenuity software which can
also be used to reprogram it's six
buttons the picsArt 3389 sensor is
well-liked for its fast accurate
tracking and the surge also boasts armor
on switches rubberized sides and on the
fly dpi switching all at a svelte 100
gram weight now the mouse can feel a bit
back end heavy when you're lifting it
off the table but the smooth rubber
sides do help a fair bit as long as you
don't mind a claw grip its symmetrical
shape means that palming is out pretty
much regardless of your hand size the
side buttons are well positioned but
only on the left meaning that it's
asymmetrical but not and be dexterous
design a bit of a strange choice but
overall while the surge is a tad
expensive for its feature set
hey good RGB is good RGB now razors back
with the Death Adder elite for $33 you
get a no-nonsense high performance mouse
with razor on run switches the 5 g pmw
3390 optical sensor and chroma RGB it is
one of the bigger mice in the roundup
but it only weighs a hundred and two
grams still and feels balanced in the
hand the seven buttons availab
are all reprogrammable in synapse and
it's got the same nicely braided cord as
its razor brethren and a scroll wheel
with a satisfying click under a large or
a small hand the mouse is most
comfortable while palming because with a
claw style grip it's a little harder to
grasp due to the comfortable but
slightly slippery rubber side grips the
thumb buttons are nearly as satisfying
and quick to actuate as the g3 o5s
buttons and overall it delivers
fantastic performance while being one of
the less expensive options in our lineup
here the g4 o3 is priced at just 43
dollars and finds itself in the
featherweight class at 89 grams it is
similar in size to be basilisk and the
Lance head but with a slightly narrower
rear end and both palm and claw grips
allowing for what feels like a very
secure grip with little required force
now where the 305 Wireless used up its
budget on being well Wireless the 403
clearly spent it on build quality
besides have smooth but still
surprisingly grippy feeling rubber the
thumb buttons are fast and clicky
because Logitech put armor on switches
in all six of the programmable keys it's
got a flexible braided cable attached to
the body and there are two RGB zones for
you to customise in G hub for dessert
logitech included a 10 gram disk to help
bunk the g4 o3s overall weight to 99
grams if you're into that making the G
403 a killer value so if RGB is your
thing I guess the pulse fire surge is
the way to go you just can't beat 32
addressable LEDs if you're a lefty you
can enjoy your smorgasbord of choice you
can have a razor Lance head or a razor
Lance head see that right there if you
like a lot of buttons you can get the
red dragon I'm just kidding you should
get the G 600 that's definitely the way
to go if you like to palm grip and
especially if you have larger hands the
Death Adder Elite stands out and if
you're a pure FPS gamer well I like the
basilisk or the G 403 best if you can
deal with the cord drag or a 305
Wireless if you don't mind cheeping out
on some of the creature comforts for
zero compromises Wireless performance
as for the answer to our original
question who is the king come on it's
you everything I just listed is a pretty
darn good value and choosing just one is
impossible there's no such thing as a
perfect Mouse only the perfect Mouse for
you you can't do that
you have to pick one I pick our sponsor
freshbooks is the only one business
invoicing an accounting solution that's
designed to be simple and intuitive
because this cold hard truth is you
don't have to be an accounting wizard to
be great at doing whatever it is you
love to do whether you're a small
business owner or a freelancer with
fresh books you can automate boring
tasks like invoicing and organising
expenses and tracking time and following
up with people and the best part is that
everything stored in the cloud so you
can switch from your PC to your mobile
device with these start your 30-day free
trial right now at FreshBooks com
forward slash tech tips pricing starts
at just fifteen dollars a month with
their $25 a month package handling up to
50 billable clients thanks for watching
guys if you enjoyed this video maybe
check out our recent budget keyboard
roundup who you could pare your budget
Mouse with a budget keyboard then you
can have budget gaming although all up
in the place
expecting performance kind of like when
I tried to run Windows on an SD card
you'll find out after this message from
our sponsor Ridge wallet Ridge wallet
wants to redefine the wallet with this
compact frame and RFID blocking inner
plates check out how they can keep
wallet bulge down for you and use offer
code line is to save 10% and get free
worldwide shipping
[Music]
backbone SSDs started to really take off
for consumers it took loads of NAND dies
in order to reach capacities that would
be considered I mean even back then
enough for a boot drive that holds your
operating system and some key
performance sensitive applications this
drive from 2010 uses a whopping this
double-sided 16 chips each with just 4
gigs of capacity to reach its 120 gigs
advertised capacity once you account for
some spare area for wear leveling to
improve its lifespan now you could
actually get one terabyte SSD is back
then but it was very unusual the OCZ
colossus series was actually available
in up to one terabyte capacities in 2010
but was one of the only SSDs I'm aware
of to have ever shipped in a three and a
half inch form factor yes my friends it
was the size of a hard drive had not one
but two in the links controllers each
with their own separate D round caches
and like this one it was covered front
and back with NAND flash packages except
that it was a much bigger PCB massive
shout-out by the way too hot hardware
for still having these images of a drive
from a decade ago up on their site
there's almost no other real evidence of
these things ever existing in the wild
probably because the one terabyte LT
version would have set you back about
four thousand dollars according to this
article from ZDNet and also my own
memory because I was actually the OCZ
product manager at NCIX back when they
launched that thing that is a lot to
spend on a high-capacity drive that's
going to be horribly bottlenecked by a
SATA 2 interface so who the heck is
Kiyoshi a-- and how do they figure into
all this I'm glad you asked
Oh cz was acquired by Toshiba back in
2013
Toshiba memory corporation was spun off
in 2018 and then became Toshiba memory
Holdings Corporation in 2019 which was
renamed you guessed it yoke SIA so the
BG 4 is not just some weird Aliexpress
no-name SSD this is actually their
current generation business
to business low power consumption
solid-state drive for small form-factor
systems and you might very well have one
of these in your laptop if you bought it
in the last little while without even
knowing it unlike older SSDs there's not
actually a lot for us to disassemble
here so I'm just gonna take off the
sticker wonder if it's like a thermal
sticker wow it actually does appear to
have some kind of a thermal backing on
it or something that can't possibly help
oh there it is
MDOT to interface bigger PCB and a
single package mounted to one side now
let's compare the bg4 is anatomy to a
couple more typical drives here's the
interfaces okay no problems so far
here's the controller on our typical
drive so this takes the incoming data
and spreads it across all the different
NAND packages so that none of them are
worn out more than the others which
improves drive endurance it also keeps
track of where all the data is and it
spits it out back to you when you
request it that is in here and then most
modern high-performance drives also have
let's see if I can find it yes here we
are ad Ram cache so the Kiyoshi ax b g4
doesn't actually have one of those
because yogya is using a different
approach to this typically for
acceptable performance an SSD needs that
high-speed DRAM onboard which actually
gets wiped every time it loses power
what it does is it holds a lookup table
so that the controller pitch again is
that one in the middle here knows where
to find all the data that's been
scattered around across the NAND flash
in order to make it last longer now you
can live without it some controller
architectures like notably this one or
just cheaper ones don't use a D Ram
cache but in most cases performance
suffers sometimes to the point where a
poorly designed deer analyst SSD can be
slower than a mechanical hard drive at
least that's the case when we're talking
about more conventional SATA interface
drugs nvme version 1.2 introduced a
feature called the nvme host memory
buffer it actually lets an SSD that's
attached to the system via PCI Express
do some of that mapping in system memory
now this would never work over SATA
because the interface is just too slow
but over PCI Express it seems like
drives that use this feature can cache
at least some of that napping like at
least for the most frequently accessed
data in the system memory and make up
some of that performance so that is
what's going on here enough chitchat
let's put our thermal sticker back on as
if that's gonna do anything and go ahead
and install this puppy interesting this
thing is actually only 3 centimeters
long so you look at it compared to the
typical 80 centimeter form factor and
it's like it's laughable what's not
funny is that I don't really have a way
of installing it on the board directly I
grabbed an asus hyper m dot 2x4 that
also doesn't have the thing but i have
one more option oh look at that the dim
dot too so that's that little thing you
can stick in what looks like a memory
slot on some isus boards actually has a
30 millimeter mounting hole that's gonna
make it so we can't really see it though
okay new plan ok so we just need to kind
of stick that there to anchor it during
testing the key osya actually did pretty
respectably for a system integrator SSD
we got sequential read speeds of around
2 gigabytes per second and writes well
in excess of a gigabyte with tame right
Layton sees that rarely pushed beyond
one millisecond and our single threaded
dual file copy and sequential
performance tests riveting where it's
tumbled was when it we hit it with four
simultaneous file copies where
sequential speeds dipped dangerously
close to hard drive territory after 10
minutes due to its lack of cooling and
internal gear and cache but it never
gets bad obviously peak speeds are way
better on our beefy PCI Express 4.0
Corsair MP 600 but it's worth noting
that it too begins to stumble around the
10-minute mark under our 4 file copy
load in some cases coming down as far as
the key oak sia though it only ever
broke a millisecond and right latency
once those extra NAND chips to the key
oak cs1 allow more channels to be active
at once and ends better performance but
that's a pretty heavy workload and so if
I
to say with the lighter work one of
these will find in a daily driver you'd
be hard for us to find any difference
whatsoever and that's what we saw in PC
markcaswell
well that's pretty impressive definitely
a darn sight better than the Colossus
from back in the day and what's really
cool is that
anon Tech actually measured some of the
best power consumption that they had
ever seen on this thing so given that
it's performance is fine better than
SATA at least at a cost that manages to
be cheaper than SATA and at a size that
is small enough to make systems like
this one even more compact in the future
I'd say it's pretty sweet but also not
terribly compelling for the vast
majority of consumers for whom this is
already really small and not difficult
to fit in their computer which would
probably explain why keoki I didn't
bother making a retail version of the BG
4 the only way to get one of these this
time is to buy a computer that happens
to have one pre-installed in it by the
manufacturer as for why I bothered
making a video about it then honestly
speaking I just thought it was really
cool I mean come on it's an SSD the size
of like my thumbnail you don't think
that's cool no else is cool
Squarespace do you think making your
website is hard well it doesn't have to
be use Squarespace and you'll have your
website up and running in a matter of
hours
maybe even faster than that they have
award-winning templates to help your
site stand out instead of looking like
it's from the 90s and if you're
interested in how your websites doing
they have built-in tools to help you
find out what you're doing right and
perhaps more importantly what you're
doing wrong Linus Media Group and LTX
expo websites were built quickly using
Squarespace and if you get stuck they
have a 24/7 support team that's ready to
help you out head to squarespace.com
slash ltte and you can get 10% off today
so thanks for watching if you guys are
looking for another fun and interesting
thing that's related what the heck could
be related to this how about the other
end of the performance spectrum new onyx
server was 24 nvme rise yeah that's a
good one
expecting performance kind of like when
I tried to run Windows on an SD card
you'll find out after this message from
our sponsor Ridge wallet Ridge wallet
wants to redefine the wallet with this
compact frame and RFID blocking inner
plates check out how they can keep
wallet bulge down for you and use offer
code line is to save 10% and get free
worldwide shipping
[Music]
backbone SSDs started to really take off
for consumers it took loads of NAND dies
in order to reach capacities that would
be considered I mean even back then
enough for a boot drive that holds your
operating system and some key
performance sensitive applications this
drive from 2010 uses a whopping this
double-sided 16 chips each with just 4
gigs of capacity to reach its 120 gigs
advertised capacity once you account for
some spare area for wear leveling to
improve its lifespan now you could
actually get one terabyte SSD is back
then but it was very unusual the OCZ
colossus series was actually available
in up to one terabyte capacities in 2010
but was one of the only SSDs I'm aware
of to have ever shipped in a three and a
half inch form factor yes my friends it
was the size of a hard drive had not one
but two in the links controllers each
with their own separate D round caches
and like this one it was covered front
and back with NAND flash packages except
that it was a much bigger PCB massive
shout-out by the way too hot hardware
for still having these images of a drive
from a decade ago up on their site
there's almost no other real evidence of
these things ever existing in the wild
probably because the one terabyte LT
version would have set you back about
four thousand dollars according to this
article from ZDNet and also my own
memory because I was actually the OCZ
product manager at NCIX back when they
launched that thing that is a lot to
spend on a high-capacity drive that's
going to be horribly bottlenecked by a
SATA 2 interface so who the heck is
Kiyoshi a-- and how do they figure into
all this I'm glad you asked
Oh cz was acquired by Toshiba back in
2013
Toshiba memory corporation was spun off
in 2018 and then became Toshiba memory
Holdings Corporation in 2019 which was
renamed you guessed it yoke SIA so the
BG 4 is not just some weird Aliexpress
no-name SSD this is actually their
current generation business
to business low power consumption
solid-state drive for small form-factor
systems and you might very well have one
of these in your laptop if you bought it
in the last little while without even
knowing it unlike older SSDs there's not
actually a lot for us to disassemble
here so I'm just gonna take off the
sticker wonder if it's like a thermal
sticker wow it actually does appear to
have some kind of a thermal backing on
it or something that can't possibly help
oh there it is
MDOT to interface bigger PCB and a
single package mounted to one side now
let's compare the bg4 is anatomy to a
couple more typical drives here's the
interfaces okay no problems so far
here's the controller on our typical
drive so this takes the incoming data
and spreads it across all the different
NAND packages so that none of them are
worn out more than the others which
improves drive endurance it also keeps
track of where all the data is and it
spits it out back to you when you
request it that is in here and then most
modern high-performance drives also have
let's see if I can find it yes here we
are ad Ram cache so the Kiyoshi ax b g4
doesn't actually have one of those
because yogya is using a different
approach to this typically for
acceptable performance an SSD needs that
high-speed DRAM onboard which actually
gets wiped every time it loses power
what it does is it holds a lookup table
so that the controller pitch again is
that one in the middle here knows where
to find all the data that's been
scattered around across the NAND flash
in order to make it last longer now you
can live without it some controller
architectures like notably this one or
just cheaper ones don't use a D Ram
cache but in most cases performance
suffers sometimes to the point where a
poorly designed deer analyst SSD can be
slower than a mechanical hard drive at
least that's the case when we're talking
about more conventional SATA interface
drugs nvme version 1.2 introduced a
feature called the nvme host memory
buffer it actually lets an SSD that's
attached to the system via PCI Express
do some of that mapping in system memory
now this would never work over SATA
because the interface is just too slow
but over PCI Express it seems like
drives that use this feature can cache
at least some of that napping like at
least for the most frequently accessed
data in the system memory and make up
some of that performance so that is
what's going on here enough chitchat
let's put our thermal sticker back on as
if that's gonna do anything and go ahead
and install this puppy interesting this
thing is actually only 3 centimeters
long so you look at it compared to the
typical 80 centimeter form factor and
it's like it's laughable what's not
funny is that I don't really have a way
of installing it on the board directly I
grabbed an asus hyper m dot 2x4 that
also doesn't have the thing but i have
one more option oh look at that the dim
dot too so that's that little thing you
can stick in what looks like a memory
slot on some isus boards actually has a
30 millimeter mounting hole that's gonna
make it so we can't really see it though
okay new plan ok so we just need to kind
of stick that there to anchor it during
testing the key osya actually did pretty
respectably for a system integrator SSD
we got sequential read speeds of around
2 gigabytes per second and writes well
in excess of a gigabyte with tame right
Layton sees that rarely pushed beyond
one millisecond and our single threaded
dual file copy and sequential
performance tests riveting where it's
tumbled was when it we hit it with four
simultaneous file copies where
sequential speeds dipped dangerously
close to hard drive territory after 10
minutes due to its lack of cooling and
internal gear and cache but it never
gets bad obviously peak speeds are way
better on our beefy PCI Express 4.0
Corsair MP 600 but it's worth noting
that it too begins to stumble around the
10-minute mark under our 4 file copy
load in some cases coming down as far as
the key oak sia though it only ever
broke a millisecond and right latency
once those extra NAND chips to the key
oak cs1 allow more channels to be active
at once and ends better performance but
that's a pretty heavy workload and so if
I
to say with the lighter work one of
these will find in a daily driver you'd
be hard for us to find any difference
whatsoever and that's what we saw in PC
markcaswell
well that's pretty impressive definitely
a darn sight better than the Colossus
from back in the day and what's really
cool is that
anon Tech actually measured some of the
best power consumption that they had
ever seen on this thing so given that
it's performance is fine better than
SATA at least at a cost that manages to
be cheaper than SATA and at a size that
is small enough to make systems like
this one even more compact in the future
I'd say it's pretty sweet but also not
terribly compelling for the vast
majority of consumers for whom this is
already really small and not difficult
to fit in their computer which would
probably explain why keoki I didn't
bother making a retail version of the BG
4 the only way to get one of these this
time is to buy a computer that happens
to have one pre-installed in it by the
manufacturer as for why I bothered
making a video about it then honestly
speaking I just thought it was really
cool I mean come on it's an SSD the size
of like my thumbnail you don't think
that's cool no else is cool
Squarespace do you think making your
website is hard well it doesn't have to
be use Squarespace and you'll have your
website up and running in a matter of
hours
maybe even faster than that they have
award-winning templates to help your
site stand out instead of looking like
it's from the 90s and if you're
interested in how your websites doing
they have built-in tools to help you
find out what you're doing right and
perhaps more importantly what you're
doing wrong Linus Media Group and LTX
expo websites were built quickly using
Squarespace and if you get stuck they
have a 24/7 support team that's ready to
help you out head to squarespace.com
slash ltte and you can get 10% off today
so thanks for watching if you guys are
looking for another fun and interesting
thing that's related what the heck could
be related to this how about the other
end of the performance spectrum new onyx
server was 24 nvme rise yeah that's a
good one
blindfold yes my friends they're gonna
have to do it blind but not without
assistance all together in my left and
right hands our DJ eyes ah cue sync
first person view goggles and camera
setup that's right our two builders are
going to be Ivonne and Dennis both
fairly inexperienced PC mechanics and on
the other side of a two-way
communication device also known as a
walkie talkie and peering into the
goggles seeing through their eyes will
be none other than me and Anthony so who
will complete the challenge first Linus
and Ivonne the married couple which
could go either of two ways or Anthony
and Dennis with Anthony calling the
shots of course man I haven't pretty
stoked for this and it's brought to you
by open bench table open bench tables
are made for enthusiasts who are looking
for an easy solution to quickly test and
overclock PC components like us it comes
in different colors and sizes and fits
most motherboards you can check it out
the link below here's one we love these
things they're great
[Music]
okay the first thing you're gonna do is
look a little bit to your right look to
my right you mean feel to my right no I
mean look to your right cuz I can see
your eyes okay no stop stops okay your
hands are just out in front of you just
just cast out in front you can look to
your right okay okay now reach your
right arm yeah
forward forward forward down to the
right a little bit okay forward a little
bit there's a little lever by your index
finger push it down and then pull it
towards you it's this the little lever
I'm pushing up no it's a little bit to
the right right yeah oh okay there you
go so you can't be groping around for
this part because we could Bend the CPU
okay okay okay left hand forward okay
okay
forward forward okay that's the CPU okay
I get up okay hold it up to the camera
and it side to the camera I need to see
where the little golden triangle is
closer to the motherboard socket you
remember where that was do not grope for
it yeah right okay more two more four
more down down towards the table what do
you mean towards the table already yeah
okay good good good good
down oh not so fast okay no no no no to
to counter clockwise clockwise clockwise
okay yeah okay good ish right okay and
just let it go should I wiggle it no no
don't wiggle yet now lift it up ever so
slightly and shove the CPU a little bit
to the left don't bend those pins though
god oh no is she mashing it is is that
not in place okay I gotta go a little
bit counterclockwise can I use my left
hand to help yes okay so it needs to go
a little counter clockwise yeah okay
okay does it feel like it's in I know it
does oh yes okay cool nice yes yes good
lower that right yeah and then yeah
lower that Hey
not bad and then this thing oh just just
chuck it doesn't matter okay oh my
goodness you have to mount the CPU
cooler
Wow yeah don't suffer yet the things
under your left hand pick it up okay
good okay ah wow you gotta flip the
motherboard over that'll be
this thing okay all right so that post
boyfriend yep perfect
no oh just a little up into the right
there it is okay so that post that you
were holding goes through that hole you
got this one
I believe in you you can put it in the
hole is Wow I can't feel the hole she
can't feel the hole well you got a um
you know find it it's tight you know oh
my gosh okay
oh okay I got one
now you just rotate it a little bit
until they all go through good good good
good good push it through
okay nice okay so you're gonna put those
over the posts all four posts you can
find them I believe in you no okay hold
on hold on you can't find them I don't
believe in you okay okay right there yes
good good kicking and does it go on a
specific way doesn't matter for the
purposes of what we're doing
did you find it yet no okay good okay
don't drop any more uh-oh
okay we're good we're good okay what's
on properly there that's your bracket
you need that did I get it if they're
both on then you got it yes yep okay
good
okay yeah that's correct can I do the
same thing yes
oh nice nailed it you're good you're
good okay go back and get those thumb
screws good yep right there one at a
time you are such a champ I was not
expecting to go from building my first
computer to building one blindfolded now
okay oh yeah so much for not touching
the motherboard my mom's like oh yeah
that's fine there are multiple layers
PCB I think I think that's on I heard
something beyond yeah yeah it seems to
be on okay nice okay next we're going to
do the little studium to I get close
okay um get closely err no no that's a
PCI Express slot it's get look right
there right under your middle finger
right there right there undo that screw
do not drop it
yep good okay back to the motherboard
okay I turn it counterclockwise oh we
got this we got this okay
uh no no to counterclockwise that's
perfect okay down okay so it needs to
sit flat like parallel for the motor
perfect perfect do they get it you're in
okay okay can you put the screw on the
screwdriver show me those sewing hands
can you line it up and then I'll stir it
in I can try yeah that's that's lined up
so it's just gonna go into that hole did
I get it no yours are the left of it
tonight did I get it now maybe it it's
hard for me to tell you got a lot of
hands in the way well I hope I'm not
screwing into the motherboard me too I
can't see well it worked no okay let's
do the room first because the CPU is
tall and it'll be in the way sure
okay so wait with your left hand away
left laughs pick up our ends day okay so
start with it's gonna be easiest if you
start with the slot that's farthest from
you yeah no no no no farthest from you
yeah I don't want to push down if it's
wrong no it doesn't look quite right no
it doesn't feel right
okay I think it's not in on the right
side I think you got to lift it up and
move it a little closer to you yep right
there there it is
okay and then I'm doing the second slot
perfect I think you got it that sounded
good yeah yep yeah you're good it's in
so you really can't see anything no wow
you're doing well there it is yeah good
good it seems like you might be a little
too close to yourself only only the
right side went in so I'm trying to fix
it
they're very surprised okay this was
only two sticks of RAM this would
actually be more difficult but since
it's four we're populating all the slots
so we can just bump them all up against
each other thermal compound left forward
down yeah good good first drop-off use
your teeth okay the very tip of your
index finger that is where you will
apply the thermal compound okay I'm not
gonna push it yet but you mean here yes
hold it like you hold a spoon it drives
me crazy
oh come on okay good no you have not
gotten any out yet what I'm squeezing
how about now as long as she's just
using that as a guide I'm pretty sure
she's gonna get some on my finger oh
there we go that looks pretty good to me
okay you think oh yeah that one yep yep
pick that up dude stop there's thermal
compound there okay
so feel the bottom of the heatsink no no
no that's not the bottom the shiny part
yeah there you go so you're not supposed
to touch that
just chill okay okay stop okay yeah
right there yeah so that is gonna go on
okay thanks
yes stop feeling around the CPU socket
you're gonna get thermal grease all over
you okay but how am I gonna find the
post no don't worry about it a little
more to the right
mr. digit down towards yourself towards
yourself towards yourself towards
yourself a little to the left
Oh too far away from yourself down I
think that might be it like it feels
good
mmm actually can you do me a favor yeah
and you rotate the entire test bench 90
degrees clockwise 90 clockwise oh geez
okay this way no what do you mean that
is clockwise yes it is it definitely is
not clockwise is this way
oh okay so no burger kid we're crooked
okay so pick up the heats just don't
pick it up don't think about your hands
on it okay and rotate it clockwise a
little bit and move it a little bit to
the right
okay okay no no no too far up okay oh
wow that looks good down I think that's
it there you go I think I see it
tightening okay stop stop stop what
you're doing okay okay other side then
oh shoot you gotta loosen the one that
you just put in a little bit it looks
like it's on straight yeah so go ahead
and you're gonna have to apply some
pressure you got to straighten out that
heat sink is it catching no we need more
pressure oh wait no wait it is catching
oh it is it's a good picture okay get
the fans left left left left left left
up away from you they're good yeah but
there's little like wire Clips they feel
like paper clips on the fan yeah oh yeah
yeah oh oh yeah I'm there and one on the
other side yeah you need to stretch
those over the fins good is that on yeah
okay they need to do the same thing with
the other fan is that on yeah nice okay
where are the okay now we got to find
those cables that are coming out of the
bottom of the fans I don't know what's
going on okay this doesn't reach get the
other one then
are we calling that a good we're gonna
call that time oh okay okay good job
I'm glad I don't have to do the fan
header thing I was actually bracing for
the fan header and for the power supply
connectors - okay to your right is the
test bench and you turn that 90 degrees
counterclockwise please yeah that's good
oh you knocked some stuff but okay now
with your right hand reach forward
yeah there should be a lever on the CPU
so just down a little bit right there
that up up up there you go that thing
okay so open that up Oh see I'm really
good
oh geez oh you're going right for it
okay yeah no no down okay up up to the
right right
don't don't scrape it across the oh is
that down are you still holding it or no
I am NOT and okay I got it I got it okay
okay okay so see like two handing it in
there it does appear to be that to the
left
oh is that are you dragging that across
the socket it's trying to I don't know
John don't do that uh-oh
okay okay okay did any feel it talk to
all geez don't feel the socket he he is
shredding that socket oh boy oh boy
this is going great so one more time
oh yeah wait - Aiko you're basically
right over it so lower it down a little
bit - the move forward yeah I think
you're good mmm I think that I think the
CPU is crooked here so just pull it back
why don't you pull out and pull back in
there you go there you gonna hold it
down like that now push it down and lock
it into place
yes okay that is done this is MDOT - yes
it is
yes that's not a screwdriver what's this
well we'll get to that in that area and
I don't want you to stab the mother okay
don't stab it don't stab the mother yes
oh you're dead Anthony I'm dead what
okay yep back move the screwdriver out
of the way oh okay so it's the next one
up so further out from you that that one
there when it connects to your fingers
fingers yep that's the one wait let me I
I can't put it in oh yes I got it okay
okay the other doesn't matter his
computer is broken everything he does
now is hooking things up to a broken
motherboard remember where you put that
screw okay I'll put it in my mouth
don't do that that sounds like a safety
problem yeah I don't know where to put
it I can't okay
okay just just keep don't put it in you
don't and you're nowhere I didn't in the
area you need to go just break with it
right there back back there we go here
roughly and are you pushing that place
directly down into the D racket down yes
it's directly down okay so all I can't
feel it it doesn't take any force - did
you see that screw to the right to the
right nope that's right - all right
there you go there you go there you go
grab the screwdriver yeah presumably
also the screw that you yeah is back
following law oh no I mean the hall
where's the hall no no it's it's not in
the slot anymore you need to you need to
reinstall it
Oh
my god like he's trying to jam it into
where the PCB meets the like the mount
yeah and that's why he's not able to and
instead of actually up in the where the
pins are yeah yeah you're there you're
there you're in oh oh okay this is a
drill you know I guess oh my god I don't
want to lose the screw that would be
disastrous but I'm sure we have oh my
god Ken I don't know where is oh my god
where is okay where is this group this
way where's this group this is clearly
going nowhere fast
in the interest of a fair fight Dennis
oh my god I just lost my screwdriver
you're the remote control human but
we're gonna let you see okay where's my
screw I don't have my burning my
forehead okay well okay so you can see
hopefully okay yeah what screw do you
have what is that
oh I don't know what do you know that's
not the screw this is not no where's my
screw see that's why I say I have to put
this in my mouth yeah let's pretend that
we didn't lose that screw
okay let's do it right oh no not Ram yet
oh we want to do the cooler first okay
so this that's not quite what I'm
talking about but yes pick that up
uh-huh now it needs to line up with the
four holes around the CPU socket there
it'll just pull right off of that no you
can just pull on the motherboard it's
not really even oh that's just on there
all right yeah so we need to line up
that Brad at all
yeah with the holes yeah flip it around
yeah they need to go through the holes
oh my god there's no way I can do it a
little playful well you're on did it no
way there's video evidence okay so you
need to hold that in place
yeah and the black spacers yeah got it
put it on top yeah those straddle or the
other way we could do it that way but no
no this yes like that like that yeah to
here and those screws should poke
through yeah same as the other side same
the other side yeah like this but grab
the thumb screws yeah okay screw those
on oh this no way you could do applying
for this no way next we are going to use
thermal compound on our CPU that is that
syringe that you thought was a
screwdriver a couple times so what do I
do
rotate the cap off counter clockwise
it's so yeah I got it I got it okay okay
alright and you know what just don't
worry about it just just push down on it
yeah there you go yeah
perfect I love it there's nothing happy
about this tennis and that is a ton of
fun will content you know he's gonna
have to clean that me okay now we put
the CPU tower cooler on and that yeah
you line up the screws with the screw
holes
yeah you know what this is now like
remote-controlled AI human what the why
is this not clicking
pick look at there come on I guess I'm
just around along for the ride at this
point I can't do this you can't or can
do it I think it's this way
no it's this way yeah that's correct
that looks correct wait no it's not no
it's not this cooler has pigtails and
like that yeah give them a tug just make
sure they don't come off there you go
you're SSDs and mounted oh my SSD io5
all right screw yeah yeah yeah okay okay
so yeah use the small screwdriver there
you go doc done it only took cheating no
this is not cheating you guys gave on me
okay let's see I I made it yeah that's
covered in fingerprints everywhere
what fingerprint your fingerprints why
what can i have my fingerprint on the
thing because it means you were touching
it
oh it's bad oh no no didn't mean oh yes
of course it is Oh
one two three four bent pins down here
honestly I'm surprised it's not worse
I think Yvonne you wanted that pollen
check
there's fingerprints in the socket look
there's one here yes it's like this
colored you should go get it tested
might be Yvonne's fingerprint I feel
like I didn't have a whole lot of
control here four pins 4 minutes 4 pens
5 accepted Yvan assembled a computer you
assembled nothing because it's only a
computer if it can compute their team
was so pathetic that I decided to allow
Dennis to remove the blindfold
they were about 15 minutes in and hadn't
even managed to successfully install the
m2 yet I heard that you bent the CPU
pins I think you've been Colin told you
Yvan didn't bend the pins you bent the
pins they're clearly bent now I think
the viewers would know yeah I think they
probably will okay so are you ready okay
do I go for go together I think go
together okay count down count 300 we
lost
always happens so I was blindfolded that
was the whole point of this challenge
yeah there would have been no like honor
in that victory anyway he was not
blindfolded for half of it and he starts
like blowing through it there's still
stuff that I think you did faster than
him even though he was not blindfolded
really no this is no way you said there
was no way that she did it blindfolded
at all okay so we have 30 for 1900 I'm
so sorry
um victory the groping stuff was a good
strategy well not really
no because it didn't work out for him
well I don't know how he gropes things
apparently rougher well thanks for
watching guys and congratulations to our
winner me mostly hey I didn't most of
the work you okay said okay if you had
directed to Dennis
but not of words oh I watched Yvonne's
performance and I think that she did
pretty well speaking of doing pretty
well I did pretty well transitioning to
our sponsor manscaped manscape created
the world's first all-in-one manscaping
kit that makes manscaping both safe and
easy introducing the perfect package 3.0
which includes everything you need to
take your man grooming to the next men
level it features their lawn mower 3.0
waterproof body trimmer it's got an
ergonomic design with quality ceramic
blades with their advanced skin-safe
technology it's got a powerful 7000 rpm
motor and 600 million powered
lithium-ion battery it features rapid
recharging and a new compact anti tug
adjustable trimmer guard with a built-in
LED light get 20% off and free shipping
with offer code tech at manscape comm
we're gonna have that link below you
know what's great we've actually got an
upcoming video make sure you're
subscribed where the editors are going
to be building their own new
workstations so Dennis will build a
computer again
blindfold yes my friends they're gonna
have to do it blind but not without
assistance all together in my left and
right hands our DJ eyes ah cue sync
first person view goggles and camera
setup that's right our two builders are
going to be Ivonne and Dennis both
fairly inexperienced PC mechanics and on
the other side of a two-way
communication device also known as a
walkie talkie and peering into the
goggles seeing through their eyes will
be none other than me and Anthony so who
will complete the challenge first Linus
and Ivonne the married couple which
could go either of two ways or Anthony
and Dennis with Anthony calling the
shots of course man I haven't pretty
stoked for this and it's brought to you
by open bench table open bench tables
are made for enthusiasts who are looking
for an easy solution to quickly test and
overclock PC components like us it comes
in different colors and sizes and fits
most motherboards you can check it out
the link below here's one we love these
things they're great
[Music]
okay the first thing you're gonna do is
look a little bit to your right look to
my right you mean feel to my right no I
mean look to your right cuz I can see
your eyes okay no stop stops okay your
hands are just out in front of you just
just cast out in front you can look to
your right okay okay now reach your
right arm yeah
forward forward forward down to the
right a little bit okay forward a little
bit there's a little lever by your index
finger push it down and then pull it
towards you it's this the little lever
I'm pushing up no it's a little bit to
the right right yeah oh okay there you
go so you can't be groping around for
this part because we could Bend the CPU
okay okay okay left hand forward okay
okay
forward forward okay that's the CPU okay
I get up okay hold it up to the camera
and it side to the camera I need to see
where the little golden triangle is
closer to the motherboard socket you
remember where that was do not grope for
it yeah right okay more two more four
more down down towards the table what do
you mean towards the table already yeah
okay good good good good
down oh not so fast okay no no no no to
to counter clockwise clockwise clockwise
okay yeah okay good ish right okay and
just let it go should I wiggle it no no
don't wiggle yet now lift it up ever so
slightly and shove the CPU a little bit
to the left don't bend those pins though
god oh no is she mashing it is is that
not in place okay I gotta go a little
bit counterclockwise can I use my left
hand to help yes okay so it needs to go
a little counter clockwise yeah okay
okay does it feel like it's in I know it
does oh yes okay cool nice yes yes good
lower that right yeah and then yeah
lower that Hey
not bad and then this thing oh just just
chuck it doesn't matter okay oh my
goodness you have to mount the CPU
cooler
Wow yeah don't suffer yet the things
under your left hand pick it up okay
good okay ah wow you gotta flip the
motherboard over that'll be
this thing okay all right so that post
boyfriend yep perfect
no oh just a little up into the right
there it is okay so that post that you
were holding goes through that hole you
got this one
I believe in you you can put it in the
hole is Wow I can't feel the hole she
can't feel the hole well you got a um
you know find it it's tight you know oh
my gosh okay
oh okay I got one
now you just rotate it a little bit
until they all go through good good good
good good push it through
okay nice okay so you're gonna put those
over the posts all four posts you can
find them I believe in you no okay hold
on hold on you can't find them I don't
believe in you okay okay right there yes
good good kicking and does it go on a
specific way doesn't matter for the
purposes of what we're doing
did you find it yet no okay good okay
don't drop any more uh-oh
okay we're good we're good okay what's
on properly there that's your bracket
you need that did I get it if they're
both on then you got it yes yep okay
good
okay yeah that's correct can I do the
same thing yes
oh nice nailed it you're good you're
good okay go back and get those thumb
screws good yep right there one at a
time you are such a champ I was not
expecting to go from building my first
computer to building one blindfolded now
okay oh yeah so much for not touching
the motherboard my mom's like oh yeah
that's fine there are multiple layers
PCB I think I think that's on I heard
something beyond yeah yeah it seems to
be on okay nice okay next we're going to
do the little studium to I get close
okay um get closely err no no that's a
PCI Express slot it's get look right
there right under your middle finger
right there right there undo that screw
do not drop it
yep good okay back to the motherboard
okay I turn it counterclockwise oh we
got this we got this okay
uh no no to counterclockwise that's
perfect okay down okay so it needs to
sit flat like parallel for the motor
perfect perfect do they get it you're in
okay okay can you put the screw on the
screwdriver show me those sewing hands
can you line it up and then I'll stir it
in I can try yeah that's that's lined up
so it's just gonna go into that hole did
I get it no yours are the left of it
tonight did I get it now maybe it it's
hard for me to tell you got a lot of
hands in the way well I hope I'm not
screwing into the motherboard me too I
can't see well it worked no okay let's
do the room first because the CPU is
tall and it'll be in the way sure
okay so wait with your left hand away
left laughs pick up our ends day okay so
start with it's gonna be easiest if you
start with the slot that's farthest from
you yeah no no no no farthest from you
yeah I don't want to push down if it's
wrong no it doesn't look quite right no
it doesn't feel right
okay I think it's not in on the right
side I think you got to lift it up and
move it a little closer to you yep right
there there it is
okay and then I'm doing the second slot
perfect I think you got it that sounded
good yeah yep yeah you're good it's in
so you really can't see anything no wow
you're doing well there it is yeah good
good it seems like you might be a little
too close to yourself only only the
right side went in so I'm trying to fix
it
they're very surprised okay this was
only two sticks of RAM this would
actually be more difficult but since
it's four we're populating all the slots
so we can just bump them all up against
each other thermal compound left forward
down yeah good good first drop-off use
your teeth okay the very tip of your
index finger that is where you will
apply the thermal compound okay I'm not
gonna push it yet but you mean here yes
hold it like you hold a spoon it drives
me crazy
oh come on okay good no you have not
gotten any out yet what I'm squeezing
how about now as long as she's just
using that as a guide I'm pretty sure
she's gonna get some on my finger oh
there we go that looks pretty good to me
okay you think oh yeah that one yep yep
pick that up dude stop there's thermal
compound there okay
so feel the bottom of the heatsink no no
no that's not the bottom the shiny part
yeah there you go so you're not supposed
to touch that
just chill okay okay stop okay yeah
right there yeah so that is gonna go on
okay thanks
yes stop feeling around the CPU socket
you're gonna get thermal grease all over
you okay but how am I gonna find the
post no don't worry about it a little
more to the right
mr. digit down towards yourself towards
yourself towards yourself towards
yourself a little to the left
Oh too far away from yourself down I
think that might be it like it feels
good
mmm actually can you do me a favor yeah
and you rotate the entire test bench 90
degrees clockwise 90 clockwise oh geez
okay this way no what do you mean that
is clockwise yes it is it definitely is
not clockwise is this way
oh okay so no burger kid we're crooked
okay so pick up the heats just don't
pick it up don't think about your hands
on it okay and rotate it clockwise a
little bit and move it a little bit to
the right
okay okay no no no too far up okay oh
wow that looks good down I think that's
it there you go I think I see it
tightening okay stop stop stop what
you're doing okay okay other side then
oh shoot you gotta loosen the one that
you just put in a little bit it looks
like it's on straight yeah so go ahead
and you're gonna have to apply some
pressure you got to straighten out that
heat sink is it catching no we need more
pressure oh wait no wait it is catching
oh it is it's a good picture okay get
the fans left left left left left left
up away from you they're good yeah but
there's little like wire Clips they feel
like paper clips on the fan yeah oh yeah
yeah oh oh yeah I'm there and one on the
other side yeah you need to stretch
those over the fins good is that on yeah
okay they need to do the same thing with
the other fan is that on yeah nice okay
where are the okay now we got to find
those cables that are coming out of the
bottom of the fans I don't know what's
going on okay this doesn't reach get the
other one then
are we calling that a good we're gonna
call that time oh okay okay good job
I'm glad I don't have to do the fan
header thing I was actually bracing for
the fan header and for the power supply
connectors - okay to your right is the
test bench and you turn that 90 degrees
counterclockwise please yeah that's good
oh you knocked some stuff but okay now
with your right hand reach forward
yeah there should be a lever on the CPU
so just down a little bit right there
that up up up there you go that thing
okay so open that up Oh see I'm really
good
oh geez oh you're going right for it
okay yeah no no down okay up up to the
right right
don't don't scrape it across the oh is
that down are you still holding it or no
I am NOT and okay I got it I got it okay
okay okay so see like two handing it in
there it does appear to be that to the
left
oh is that are you dragging that across
the socket it's trying to I don't know
John don't do that uh-oh
okay okay okay did any feel it talk to
all geez don't feel the socket he he is
shredding that socket oh boy oh boy
this is going great so one more time
oh yeah wait - Aiko you're basically
right over it so lower it down a little
bit - the move forward yeah I think
you're good mmm I think that I think the
CPU is crooked here so just pull it back
why don't you pull out and pull back in
there you go there you gonna hold it
down like that now push it down and lock
it into place
yes okay that is done this is MDOT - yes
it is
yes that's not a screwdriver what's this
well we'll get to that in that area and
I don't want you to stab the mother okay
don't stab it don't stab the mother yes
oh you're dead Anthony I'm dead what
okay yep back move the screwdriver out
of the way oh okay so it's the next one
up so further out from you that that one
there when it connects to your fingers
fingers yep that's the one wait let me I
I can't put it in oh yes I got it okay
okay the other doesn't matter his
computer is broken everything he does
now is hooking things up to a broken
motherboard remember where you put that
screw okay I'll put it in my mouth
don't do that that sounds like a safety
problem yeah I don't know where to put
it I can't okay
okay just just keep don't put it in you
don't and you're nowhere I didn't in the
area you need to go just break with it
right there back back there we go here
roughly and are you pushing that place
directly down into the D racket down yes
it's directly down okay so all I can't
feel it it doesn't take any force - did
you see that screw to the right to the
right nope that's right - all right
there you go there you go there you go
grab the screwdriver yeah presumably
also the screw that you yeah is back
following law oh no I mean the hall
where's the hall no no it's it's not in
the slot anymore you need to you need to
reinstall it
Oh
my god like he's trying to jam it into
where the PCB meets the like the mount
yeah and that's why he's not able to and
instead of actually up in the where the
pins are yeah yeah you're there you're
there you're in oh oh okay this is a
drill you know I guess oh my god I don't
want to lose the screw that would be
disastrous but I'm sure we have oh my
god Ken I don't know where is oh my god
where is okay where is this group this
way where's this group this is clearly
going nowhere fast
in the interest of a fair fight Dennis
oh my god I just lost my screwdriver
you're the remote control human but
we're gonna let you see okay where's my
screw I don't have my burning my
forehead okay well okay so you can see
hopefully okay yeah what screw do you
have what is that
oh I don't know what do you know that's
not the screw this is not no where's my
screw see that's why I say I have to put
this in my mouth yeah let's pretend that
we didn't lose that screw
okay let's do it right oh no not Ram yet
oh we want to do the cooler first okay
so this that's not quite what I'm
talking about but yes pick that up
uh-huh now it needs to line up with the
four holes around the CPU socket there
it'll just pull right off of that no you
can just pull on the motherboard it's
not really even oh that's just on there
all right yeah so we need to line up
that Brad at all
yeah with the holes yeah flip it around
yeah they need to go through the holes
oh my god there's no way I can do it a
little playful well you're on did it no
way there's video evidence okay so you
need to hold that in place
yeah and the black spacers yeah got it
put it on top yeah those straddle or the
other way we could do it that way but no
no this yes like that like that yeah to
here and those screws should poke
through yeah same as the other side same
the other side yeah like this but grab
the thumb screws yeah okay screw those
on oh this no way you could do applying
for this no way next we are going to use
thermal compound on our CPU that is that
syringe that you thought was a
screwdriver a couple times so what do I
do
rotate the cap off counter clockwise
it's so yeah I got it I got it okay okay
alright and you know what just don't
worry about it just just push down on it
yeah there you go yeah
perfect I love it there's nothing happy
about this tennis and that is a ton of
fun will content you know he's gonna
have to clean that me okay now we put
the CPU tower cooler on and that yeah
you line up the screws with the screw
holes
yeah you know what this is now like
remote-controlled AI human what the why
is this not clicking
pick look at there come on I guess I'm
just around along for the ride at this
point I can't do this you can't or can
do it I think it's this way
no it's this way yeah that's correct
that looks correct wait no it's not no
it's not this cooler has pigtails and
like that yeah give them a tug just make
sure they don't come off there you go
you're SSDs and mounted oh my SSD io5
all right screw yeah yeah yeah okay okay
so yeah use the small screwdriver there
you go doc done it only took cheating no
this is not cheating you guys gave on me
okay let's see I I made it yeah that's
covered in fingerprints everywhere
what fingerprint your fingerprints why
what can i have my fingerprint on the
thing because it means you were touching
it
oh it's bad oh no no didn't mean oh yes
of course it is Oh
one two three four bent pins down here
honestly I'm surprised it's not worse
I think Yvonne you wanted that pollen
check
there's fingerprints in the socket look
there's one here yes it's like this
colored you should go get it tested
might be Yvonne's fingerprint I feel
like I didn't have a whole lot of
control here four pins 4 minutes 4 pens
5 accepted Yvan assembled a computer you
assembled nothing because it's only a
computer if it can compute their team
was so pathetic that I decided to allow
Dennis to remove the blindfold
they were about 15 minutes in and hadn't
even managed to successfully install the
m2 yet I heard that you bent the CPU
pins I think you've been Colin told you
Yvan didn't bend the pins you bent the
pins they're clearly bent now I think
the viewers would know yeah I think they
probably will okay so are you ready okay
do I go for go together I think go
together okay count down count 300 we
lost
always happens so I was blindfolded that
was the whole point of this challenge
yeah there would have been no like honor
in that victory anyway he was not
blindfolded for half of it and he starts
like blowing through it there's still
stuff that I think you did faster than
him even though he was not blindfolded
really no this is no way you said there
was no way that she did it blindfolded
at all okay so we have 30 for 1900 I'm
so sorry
um victory the groping stuff was a good
strategy well not really
no because it didn't work out for him
well I don't know how he gropes things
apparently rougher well thanks for
watching guys and congratulations to our
winner me mostly hey I didn't most of
the work you okay said okay if you had
directed to Dennis
but not of words oh I watched Yvonne's
performance and I think that she did
pretty well speaking of doing pretty
well I did pretty well transitioning to
our sponsor manscaped manscape created
the world's first all-in-one manscaping
kit that makes manscaping both safe and
easy introducing the perfect package 3.0
which includes everything you need to
take your man grooming to the next men
level it features their lawn mower 3.0
waterproof body trimmer it's got an
ergonomic design with quality ceramic
blades with their advanced skin-safe
technology it's got a powerful 7000 rpm
motor and 600 million powered
lithium-ion battery it features rapid
recharging and a new compact anti tug
adjustable trimmer guard with a built-in
LED light get 20% off and free shipping
with offer code tech at manscape comm
we're gonna have that link below you
know what's great we've actually got an
upcoming video make sure you're
subscribed where the editors are going
to be building their own new
workstations so Dennis will build a
computer again
t in our server room 00:00:45.210 --> 00:00:47.600
mmissioned servers 00:00:50.760 --> 00:00:53.180
 Lysoling the
to you by GlassWire,
badly behaving apps on your PC
 code LINUS to 
olunteer contributors 00:01:16.630 --> 00:01:18.930
e the server plays in all this.
re folding your machine says, 00:01:27.150 --> 00:01:29.380

off to you then you go ahead,
okay I'm ready for you.
Folding@Home project
actually need a few things.
ome recommends and eight core CPU 00:02:01.610 --> 00:02:03.260
nna be upgrading the one in here.
 recommend about 
 to our machine 00:02:17.650 --> 00:02:20.650
ourse a fast internet connection
e we got 10 gigabyte ethernet 00:02:30.870 --> 00:02:32.500
out the 32 gigs of RAM
urse we're gonna 
e got in here 00:02:47.640 --> 00:02:51.500
originally deployed it

ns that if 
arn near base speeds 00:03:13.140 --> 00:03:15.950
re actually
gigabit and five gigabit

seems like as good a time as any
e got in here? 00:03:43.080 --> 00:03:45.110
edundant power supply 00:03:47.870 --> 00:03:49.670
powers on after our upgrade.

mpleted config 00:04:05.780 --> 00:04:08.870
ews and this seems like
e it is! 00:04:20.290 --> 00:04:23.647
28 thread processor 00:04:30.060 --> 00:04:32.440

 he included a little cleaning pad
t gonna bother with that 00:04:45.410 --> 00:04:48.050
t's a small hand

his motherboard 00:05:00.080 --> 00:05:01.510
 thing 'cause it
sed to be more of like a ,

PU upgrade is done 00:05:24.340 --> 00:05:25.890
of these servers
memory are all beefed up
ours with eight of these
96 terabytes of raw space

nstall drives in 00:06:00.100 --> 00:06:02.940

es care of our capacity
in ZFS RAID, they're 
grade comes in 00:06:26.920 --> 00:06:29.880
e gonna be using the other 64 gigs
echanical drives 00:06:42.322 --> 00:06:45.150
n't know, whatever,

ave used them for tons of things

l Intel Optane 905p 96 gig SSD.
n our RAM and our SSD 00:07:19.650 --> 00:07:22.750
rmance bottlenecks 00:07:26.600 --> 00:07:28.490

alized that puts it right up
's no cooling fan there 00:07:41.340 --> 00:07:43.700
ed to being farther away from

n HBA doesn't 
s to your motherboard, 00:08:01.960 --> 00:08:05.340
byte per second through
software configuration
 the things we could do is 00:08:17.210 --> 00:08:19.380

mething that 
r extra CPU horsepower to enable
a network limitation
ze we just don't 
is puppy up, there we go,
the whole thing 
gonna be like the

 I don't actually
d of ghetto but whatever.
t gonna look at what Linus did 00:09:28.840 --> 00:09:31.363
y.
the thermal 
 in for IPMI so we

s P 00:10:13.574 --> 00:10:15.503

igs of RAM,

nly does it do
lso handles how all the physical
 to ensure the integrity 
nna create our zpool.

 lose any data 00:11:04.167 --> 00:11:06.480
n't have to wait for that,
ns we're gonna 
 paste, enter and 00:11:18.089 --> 00:11:19.050
e in there.
partitioning and what have you,

e trying to do 00:11:37.620 --> 00:11:38.640
ing software,

realistically our network
we have to turn it off,
sort of last step, 00:11:57.890 --> 00:11:59.703

ache drive are 
to access our Folding server
was pretty easy but 
erver to eat up 00:12:21.600 --> 00:12:23.350
how this works on the laptop.

e looking at 230 down and 200 up

na go into our two rules here 00:12:46.270 --> 00:12:48.577
et that to five 00:12:52.668 --> 00:12:55.003
00.310 --> 00:13:02.330

set it up on our actual server 00:13:12.000 --> 00:13:14.120
firewall rules set up,

as you can see, 00:13:25.030 --> 00:13:28.960
e gonna be checking out how well
give me the good news 00:13:36.830 --> 00:13:38.940
 help with that or

 of other things,
there's us but if 
ans work units are available.
for the first five days it was up 00:14:05.170 --> 00:14:07.310
o longer the
much usage have we got?

ike up quite a bit 00:14:23.300 --> 00:14:25.520
d then if we scroll out actually
:14:33.553 --> 00:14:35.260
different work servers
l network bandwidth 00:14:43.620 --> 00:14:47.000
 talk together 00:14:48.570 --> 00:14:49.800
 checked this morning

t more of a picture 00:15:01.570 --> 00:15:05.480
y filling 00:15:07.990 --> 00:15:11.260
d back to the disks 00:15:13.310 --> 00:15:15.980
 only been like

rom the primary cache 00:15:27.570 --> 00:15:28.720

be contributed 00:15:37.970 --> 00:15:39.760
uys are gonna

that 40 grand 00:15:54.040 --> 00:15:56.420
hat's correct,
lready know, yes (laughs) 00:16:03.020 --> 00:16:05.780
 to our team stats 00:16:09.230 --> 00:16:11.340
nna leave this server running
you go now Jake 00:16:17.190 --> 00:16:20.550
GMR-54X-ISO Gaming Headset
 audiophile approved 00:16:29.790 --> 00:16:32.030
ou positional queues
 some changes 
ved comfort 00:16:43.140 --> 00:16:45.990
oom mic works 00:16:48.330 --> 00:16:52.450
up on drop 00:16:55.100 --> 00:16:57.680
s for watching guys.
ck out our 
d to a server, that's 
difference between the eSports gold
standard a cheaper alternative and two
IPs type newcomers and how their
opinions stack up against more objective
measures right after this message from
our sponsor smartdeploy smartdeploy
allows IT departments to reimage
unlimited computer models from one
golden image search their library for
your models and grab your exclusive
offer at smartdeploy comm slash Linus
[Music]
it is amazing how different the colors
can look from one display where
presumably they're all after the same
result and another this is kind of
trippy actually whoa I'm gonna start
with viewing angles
you know teens have gotten a lot better
from the side this is definitely a TN
but viewing angles are actually not bad
even from top down like if I was
standing behind someone gaming at their
chair like that's fine it's not till you
get low and look up at it oh yeah
there's the color inversion that's the
end oh so at home I have the Zoe
25:46 240 yards monitor and I love it if
I was anywhere but staring directly
straight at it it's a piece of garbage I
can't tell if it's just the coating
that's hurting this one the darker
colors are just kind of disappearing and
kind of approaching a mid gray and I
feel like as a gamer I don't really care
about viewing angles too much I'll have
you playing a game hardcore on this
right some may be sent it off again no
contest number two is clearly the TN
panel I'm gonna be very disappointed if
this is like mine I'm gonna give worst
viewing angles to this one mostly
because it's just so dim in the first
place I don't think it actually shifts
that much more compared to this one but
this is a lot brighter a lot easier to
look at I'm pretty impressed with three
and four I think they have pretty
exceptional viewing angles where the
quality of the color and the light isn't
drastically changing the further over I
get that's not a TN panel and that's not
a TN panel to my eyes monitor number
three here even though it has the best
colors facing it dead-on has a greater
color shift and a greater brightness
reduction compared to our other non TN
panel here so I rated that one number
two for viewing angles I'm gonna choose
four as my first three is my second than
one and then two best color reproduction
I feel is kind of obvious I hope it's
obvious number four just seems truer to
life which is a bit weird because it's a
game but if life were a game
I imagine it would look more like that I
like the nut more natural look but
that might just be the choice of color
temperature on number three for looks a
little over warm to me
so I'm gonna rank the colors 1 3 4 -
best color reproduction has got to be
number three one thing that you can see
on both of the TN panels though is the
sleeves and the gloves are both green on
this one they're both yellow on this one
and then we look at one of the IPS and
lo and behold they're supposed to be
green and brown oops there's just
something about number two that makes it
look really cheap if life were a game I
feel like I'm a bit blind I have
cataracts you can really tell on the
green and the barrel this one is just
like has blue in it as well this just
seems like grayish with a tinge of green
the third one this is definitely
calibrated to a colder temperature than
the one on the right the one on the
right
I find the green looks a bit better but
it's close
brightness and dynamic range I'm gonna
have to go somewhere where I have both
shadows and highlights and view this one
definitely loses some detail down here
in the shadows compared to our TN the
problem though is that some of these
gaming monitors go out of their way
actually to boost detail in the shadows
so that's not necessarily a strong
indication of their dynamic range what I
can do that's not dependent on that
however is look at black portions of the
mini-map compared to the brightest areas
of the screen alright counter-strike is
designed to not really have really dark
areas so that it's more competitive
there's no areas you can go and just
hide so it's not immediately apparent
which one has crazier dynamic range
I feel like number four is doing a
little bit better job resolving the
detail inside of this window I can see
that a little bit more whereas here it
just kind of looks dark so I'm gonna
give the edge to four on this one then
three and then two deepest blacks but
dimmest display a lot of points off for
that this surprises me but I think this
TN is actually better than that IPS in
terms of the difference between the
brightest brights and the darkest darks
range I'm giving it to number four the
reason I bought a 240 Hertz monitor is
not for color not for brightness it's
for information getting inside my my eye
holes I mean even when I was gaming it
with a 120 Hertz monitor never felt like
the input lag was what I was missing it
was the clarity kind of feel like Lois
motion blur and Lois then put like kind
of too similar for me to tell I don't
know they're all so close if I had to
guess I'd say one one like both tied and
maybe these two are a little bit behind
but it wouldn't be by much you know one
thing that might make this a little
easier is this cheating this one somehow
feels more responsive I'm surprised I
thought I wouldn't be able to tell maybe
it's just as bigger so it feels like
things are moving faster wow I can't
believe I didn't even notice - I was so
busy just completely focusing on like
what the pixels look like I missed that
these two are 27 inches in these two or
24 inch displays yeah I felt three was
faster or something it might just be
some motion smoothing or or some kind of
interpolation that I don't know what it
was but I'm gonna give it the edge it's
not my job to explain these things it's
everyone else's and now Lois motion blur
I don't know if it's just the brightness
being so different but that one feels
smoother I'm gonna have to rank this one
that one and then this one so far so
three one two four lowest motion blur
for motion blur number three is
definitely the worst but it surprises me
how close my one IPS over here is to my
two TNS over here this first one is so
much more contrast II that I feel like
because of the high contrast I'm able to
kind of tell the information even in
motion a little bit better and so I
don't know if it's actually clear if it
just has the perception of being clearer
thanks to its higher contrast but I
think I'm gonna give the edge to the
first one I'm gonna go in order one two
three four so which monitor would I buy
that is a really hard one for me to
choose I feel like performance wise like
in game I would be better off with
number one
maybe number two but number four number
four just looks a lot better in almost
every aspect that it's bigger the color
is better it's still pretty fast feeling
but oh I feel like if I want to win at
games again I kind of want to go with
number one I take number three it keeps
more detail in the actual concentric
circles that exist in this little mini
map here compared to this one and it
doesn't lose any of the highlights it's
got more true-to-life looking colors
right out of the box but it's motion
blur is not the best but I'm not the
most competitive gamer so that's why I
would take this one bigger looks better
if the colors on this one weren't so bad
I would give it number two but it's
gonna sit in three I'm gonna give two to
the other IPS display I do like the size
size matters to me and number four is
gonna be this one my overall preference
is definitely the first one it's the
brightest that's got the best color the
viewing ailes weren't great but as
someone who's playing shooters
competitively online like I don't need
someone to be able to see from far
angles I'm looking straight on
I prefer 24 inches for competitive
gaming you want to be like right up in
there and 27 is actually a little bit
big like most competitive shooters use
24 inch monitors as preference I'm gonna
price them by my preference I'm gonna
say the two 27 inches are 500 and 550
and I'm going to say I like this one
better I think that's the more premium
one and then these two this is easily a
better gaming experience it's just so
much brighter
I'm gonna go 400 345 final answer
pencils down I'd be surprised if the
27-inch ones were cheaper than the
24-inch one so I guess might as well
start at the highest ones I would price
the third monitor at 550 I think this is
probably the cheapest and then this one
a bit more than number two this one that
was a few what
this one this one this one this one I
guess I'm just surprised that this is
more expensive because it's a TN panel
how much is it
550 sometimes 500 it's also the oldest
one well this is a cascading domino
effect of wrongness now I thought I was
gonna be revealed to be a moron and I
kind of am but to the level that I
thought I was even though I got the
pricing wrong based on what has the most
value to me I can definitely see the
value of this one for a certain type of
customer and now that I know the
difference between these is a hundred
rather than $50 it becomes a much less
clear-cut decision even though I still
do give the nod to this one both
empirically and in terms of my my
overall feel and Rebecca okay so the
guys didn't exactly agree on everything
but there were some common trends
basically everyone agreed that the TN
panels had the least motion blur and
input delay with the algae coming in
third to validate their experiences we
set up a pursuit camera which helps
visualize motion blur but with the
element of human perception taken out of
the equation you can see that the ASIS
and the BenQ are way more clear just
look at the aliens eyes and the white
dots on the ship however both of these
monitors are using backlight strobing to
get that result here's what the ASIS
looks like with the LMB turned off now
the Acer nitro also has a strobing
feature but it's only supported at 120
and 144 hurts not 240 while the LG
apparently doesn't have such a feature
at all the participants also generally
agreed that the IPS panels the LG and
Acer had superior viewing angles color
accuracy and brightness
although the Ben Cube did pretty well
here too according to David and again
our test this time with calman
colorchecker agreed except the Ben Q is
actually the least accurate sorry
which basically gives us two competing
recommendations depending on you and
your priorities if you're buying a 240
Hertz monitor purely for motion
performance just to click heads then the
BenQ zowie excel 25:46 is still the
reigning champ but if you also use your
monitor for watching videos and movies
or playing sightseeing games then the
bigger more color accurate IPS models
are more well-rounded but then there's
price at 20% cheaper than the BenQ or
the Acer the LG really starts to emerge
as kind of a no-brainer unless of course
you're strapped for cash and you're
really impressed by the ACE uses full
range LMB for another $55 off wow it
sure is a great time to be a high
refresh rate gamer and it's a great time
to check out the drop control keyboard
featured heavily in our recent blind key
switch challenge video it's got a solid
CNC aluminum frame built-in switch plate
RGB lighting and QM key firmware for
customizability it has hot swappable key
switches and comes with Cherry MX
kale or halo switches and it weighs in
at a pretty hefty 964 grams buy today at
drop comm and you can buy a hoodie like
this at LTT store comm
if you liked this video give it a thumbs
up get subscribed and hit us up in the
comments with all those comedy things
you'd like to say including suggestions
for products that you want to see us
cover in the future and if you're
looking for something to watch right now
how about the investigation we did on
whether or not 240 Hertz actually
matters compared to 144 60 Hertz we did
an awesome collaboration with shroud
another programmer so check it out right
here in the middle of the screen
wherever it's not enough
over here bye bye
difference between the eSports gold
standard a cheaper alternative and two
IPs type newcomers and how their
opinions stack up against more objective
measures right after this message from
our sponsor smartdeploy smartdeploy
allows IT departments to reimage
unlimited computer models from one
golden image search their library for
your models and grab your exclusive
offer at smartdeploy comm slash Linus
[Music]
it is amazing how different the colors
can look from one display where
presumably they're all after the same
result and another this is kind of
trippy actually whoa I'm gonna start
with viewing angles
you know teens have gotten a lot better
from the side this is definitely a TN
but viewing angles are actually not bad
even from top down like if I was
standing behind someone gaming at their
chair like that's fine it's not till you
get low and look up at it oh yeah
there's the color inversion that's the
end oh so at home I have the Zoe
25:46 240 yards monitor and I love it if
I was anywhere but staring directly
straight at it it's a piece of garbage I
can't tell if it's just the coating
that's hurting this one the darker
colors are just kind of disappearing and
kind of approaching a mid gray and I
feel like as a gamer I don't really care
about viewing angles too much I'll have
you playing a game hardcore on this
right some may be sent it off again no
contest number two is clearly the TN
panel I'm gonna be very disappointed if
this is like mine I'm gonna give worst
viewing angles to this one mostly
because it's just so dim in the first
place I don't think it actually shifts
that much more compared to this one but
this is a lot brighter a lot easier to
look at I'm pretty impressed with three
and four I think they have pretty
exceptional viewing angles where the
quality of the color and the light isn't
drastically changing the further over I
get that's not a TN panel and that's not
a TN panel to my eyes monitor number
three here even though it has the best
colors facing it dead-on has a greater
color shift and a greater brightness
reduction compared to our other non TN
panel here so I rated that one number
two for viewing angles I'm gonna choose
four as my first three is my second than
one and then two best color reproduction
I feel is kind of obvious I hope it's
obvious number four just seems truer to
life which is a bit weird because it's a
game but if life were a game
I imagine it would look more like that I
like the nut more natural look but
that might just be the choice of color
temperature on number three for looks a
little over warm to me
so I'm gonna rank the colors 1 3 4 -
best color reproduction has got to be
number three one thing that you can see
on both of the TN panels though is the
sleeves and the gloves are both green on
this one they're both yellow on this one
and then we look at one of the IPS and
lo and behold they're supposed to be
green and brown oops there's just
something about number two that makes it
look really cheap if life were a game I
feel like I'm a bit blind I have
cataracts you can really tell on the
green and the barrel this one is just
like has blue in it as well this just
seems like grayish with a tinge of green
the third one this is definitely
calibrated to a colder temperature than
the one on the right the one on the
right
I find the green looks a bit better but
it's close
brightness and dynamic range I'm gonna
have to go somewhere where I have both
shadows and highlights and view this one
definitely loses some detail down here
in the shadows compared to our TN the
problem though is that some of these
gaming monitors go out of their way
actually to boost detail in the shadows
so that's not necessarily a strong
indication of their dynamic range what I
can do that's not dependent on that
however is look at black portions of the
mini-map compared to the brightest areas
of the screen alright counter-strike is
designed to not really have really dark
areas so that it's more competitive
there's no areas you can go and just
hide so it's not immediately apparent
which one has crazier dynamic range
I feel like number four is doing a
little bit better job resolving the
detail inside of this window I can see
that a little bit more whereas here it
just kind of looks dark so I'm gonna
give the edge to four on this one then
three and then two deepest blacks but
dimmest display a lot of points off for
that this surprises me but I think this
TN is actually better than that IPS in
terms of the difference between the
brightest brights and the darkest darks
range I'm giving it to number four the
reason I bought a 240 Hertz monitor is
not for color not for brightness it's
for information getting inside my my eye
holes I mean even when I was gaming it
with a 120 Hertz monitor never felt like
the input lag was what I was missing it
was the clarity kind of feel like Lois
motion blur and Lois then put like kind
of too similar for me to tell I don't
know they're all so close if I had to
guess I'd say one one like both tied and
maybe these two are a little bit behind
but it wouldn't be by much you know one
thing that might make this a little
easier is this cheating this one somehow
feels more responsive I'm surprised I
thought I wouldn't be able to tell maybe
it's just as bigger so it feels like
things are moving faster wow I can't
believe I didn't even notice - I was so
busy just completely focusing on like
what the pixels look like I missed that
these two are 27 inches in these two or
24 inch displays yeah I felt three was
faster or something it might just be
some motion smoothing or or some kind of
interpolation that I don't know what it
was but I'm gonna give it the edge it's
not my job to explain these things it's
everyone else's and now Lois motion blur
I don't know if it's just the brightness
being so different but that one feels
smoother I'm gonna have to rank this one
that one and then this one so far so
three one two four lowest motion blur
for motion blur number three is
definitely the worst but it surprises me
how close my one IPS over here is to my
two TNS over here this first one is so
much more contrast II that I feel like
because of the high contrast I'm able to
kind of tell the information even in
motion a little bit better and so I
don't know if it's actually clear if it
just has the perception of being clearer
thanks to its higher contrast but I
think I'm gonna give the edge to the
first one I'm gonna go in order one two
three four so which monitor would I buy
that is a really hard one for me to
choose I feel like performance wise like
in game I would be better off with
number one
maybe number two but number four number
four just looks a lot better in almost
every aspect that it's bigger the color
is better it's still pretty fast feeling
but oh I feel like if I want to win at
games again I kind of want to go with
number one I take number three it keeps
more detail in the actual concentric
circles that exist in this little mini
map here compared to this one and it
doesn't lose any of the highlights it's
got more true-to-life looking colors
right out of the box but it's motion
blur is not the best but I'm not the
most competitive gamer so that's why I
would take this one bigger looks better
if the colors on this one weren't so bad
I would give it number two but it's
gonna sit in three I'm gonna give two to
the other IPS display I do like the size
size matters to me and number four is
gonna be this one my overall preference
is definitely the first one it's the
brightest that's got the best color the
viewing ailes weren't great but as
someone who's playing shooters
competitively online like I don't need
someone to be able to see from far
angles I'm looking straight on
I prefer 24 inches for competitive
gaming you want to be like right up in
there and 27 is actually a little bit
big like most competitive shooters use
24 inch monitors as preference I'm gonna
price them by my preference I'm gonna
say the two 27 inches are 500 and 550
and I'm going to say I like this one
better I think that's the more premium
one and then these two this is easily a
better gaming experience it's just so
much brighter
I'm gonna go 400 345 final answer
pencils down I'd be surprised if the
27-inch ones were cheaper than the
24-inch one so I guess might as well
start at the highest ones I would price
the third monitor at 550 I think this is
probably the cheapest and then this one
a bit more than number two this one that
was a few what
this one this one this one this one I
guess I'm just surprised that this is
more expensive because it's a TN panel
how much is it
550 sometimes 500 it's also the oldest
one well this is a cascading domino
effect of wrongness now I thought I was
gonna be revealed to be a moron and I
kind of am but to the level that I
thought I was even though I got the
pricing wrong based on what has the most
value to me I can definitely see the
value of this one for a certain type of
customer and now that I know the
difference between these is a hundred
rather than $50 it becomes a much less
clear-cut decision even though I still
do give the nod to this one both
empirically and in terms of my my
overall feel and Rebecca okay so the
guys didn't exactly agree on everything
but there were some common trends
basically everyone agreed that the TN
panels had the least motion blur and
input delay with the algae coming in
third to validate their experiences we
set up a pursuit camera which helps
visualize motion blur but with the
element of human perception taken out of
the equation you can see that the ASIS
and the BenQ are way more clear just
look at the aliens eyes and the white
dots on the ship however both of these
monitors are using backlight strobing to
get that result here's what the ASIS
looks like with the LMB turned off now
the Acer nitro also has a strobing
feature but it's only supported at 120
and 144 hurts not 240 while the LG
apparently doesn't have such a feature
at all the participants also generally
agreed that the IPS panels the LG and
Acer had superior viewing angles color
accuracy and brightness
although the Ben Cube did pretty well
here too according to David and again
our test this time with calman
colorchecker agreed except the Ben Q is
actually the least accurate sorry
which basically gives us two competing
recommendations depending on you and
your priorities if you're buying a 240
Hertz monitor purely for motion
performance just to click heads then the
BenQ zowie excel 25:46 is still the
reigning champ but if you also use your
monitor for watching videos and movies
or playing sightseeing games then the
bigger more color accurate IPS models
are more well-rounded but then there's
price at 20% cheaper than the BenQ or
the Acer the LG really starts to emerge
as kind of a no-brainer unless of course
you're strapped for cash and you're
really impressed by the ACE uses full
range LMB for another $55 off wow it
sure is a great time to be a high
refresh rate gamer and it's a great time
to check out the drop control keyboard
featured heavily in our recent blind key
switch challenge video it's got a solid
CNC aluminum frame built-in switch plate
RGB lighting and QM key firmware for
customizability it has hot swappable key
switches and comes with Cherry MX
kale or halo switches and it weighs in
at a pretty hefty 964 grams buy today at
drop comm and you can buy a hoodie like
this at LTT store comm
if you liked this video give it a thumbs
up get subscribed and hit us up in the
comments with all those comedy things
you'd like to say including suggestions
for products that you want to see us
cover in the future and if you're
looking for something to watch right now
how about the investigation we did on
whether or not 240 Hertz actually
matters compared to 144 60 Hertz we did
an awesome collaboration with shroud
another programmer so check it out right
here in the middle of the screen
wherever it's not enough
over here bye bye
an will actually
's actually
 look how short
non-modular power supplies,

whatever this is 00:01:30.840 --> 00:01:32.150
ou plugged this
at what else is in the box.

e got to be 
s how they crack 00:01:55.840 --> 00:01:58.690
r cables 00:02:01.510 --> 00:02:03.660
ook at this!

:02:16.810 --> 00:02:20.720
most of the usual things
the DC-to-DC conversion
will take the AC mains power
any other voltages--

rt it separately 
cleaner output 00:02:58.810 --> 00:03:00.600

 here's 
 the bottom 00:03:18.210 --> 00:03:20.480
 goes in
CI Express for graphics,
we've got these two plugs,
peripheral one.
much smaller wires
fine and good in theory,

nic
ad, we grabbed
e gonna try and cure

ght daisy chaining 
n at the bottom 
 be much we can do 00:04:35.750 --> 00:04:37.810
, 00:04:40.540 --> 00:04:43.840
g from this side, 00:04:46.510 --> 00:04:47.870

through 00:04:58.150 --> 00:05:00.060
water cooler 00:05:02.660 --> 00:05:05.240
one time 00:05:07.630 --> 00:05:11.150
e a little bit
pick this case
it's not,
hought 
 on this side, 00:05:31.390 --> 00:05:33.000
 fan side up,
ad a case with
what this design costs them
ain them back 
st is 00:05:55.750 --> 00:05:57.570

is in here 00:06:06.540 --> 00:06:07.870
ng as you have
gh uninterrupted space
of a fold-out lip
be able to make it work.
for the boys back at Seasonic,
but it's gonna be
eally tight, 00:06:37.120 --> 00:06:38.690
nish the install.
a little bit.

g) 00:06:57.030 --> 00:07:03.510
everything plugs in

 this goes
 over to the other side.

 we got? 00:07:32.300 --> 00:07:36.450
 down in the bottom 00:07:39.180 --> 00:07:41.120
 actually been
ust need to deal
everything contained like that.
 means if you need 
etty cool 00:08:01.270 --> 00:08:03.750
RGB connectors,
it was nice knowing ya.

 tool for the job 00:08:23.570 --> 00:08:25.090
mashing it shut?
0:08:32.180 --> 00:08:33.420
to the video,
start to finish

 in cable management 00:08:49.240 --> 00:08:51.300
cleaner without it 00:08:53.630 --> 00:08:55.060
imilar-looking 00:08:57.360 --> 00:08:59.300

hat 00:09:10.840 --> 00:09:13.300
ly, this isn't RGB,

nna look 
at cost? 00:09:28.420 --> 00:09:29.420
 outlandishly priced,
on the back of your power supply
of your motherboard

ys are looking 
pposed to be 2019, 00:09:59.390 --> 00:10:01.060
 below 
an will actually
's actually
 look how short
non-modular power supplies,

whatever this is 00:01:30.840 --> 00:01:32.150
ou plugged this
at what else is in the box.

e got to be 
s how they crack 00:01:55.840 --> 00:01:58.690
r cables 00:02:01.510 --> 00:02:03.660
ook at this!

:02:16.810 --> 00:02:20.720
most of the usual things
the DC-to-DC conversion
will take the AC mains power
any other voltages--

rt it separately 
cleaner output 00:02:58.810 --> 00:03:00.600

 here's 
 the bottom 00:03:18.210 --> 00:03:20.480
 goes in
CI Express for graphics,
we've got these two plugs,
peripheral one.
much smaller wires
fine and good in theory,

nic
ad, we grabbed
e gonna try and cure

ght daisy chaining 
n at the bottom 
 be much we can do 00:04:35.750 --> 00:04:37.810
, 00:04:40.540 --> 00:04:43.840
g from this side, 00:04:46.510 --> 00:04:47.870

through 00:04:58.150 --> 00:05:00.060
water cooler 00:05:02.660 --> 00:05:05.240
one time 00:05:07.630 --> 00:05:11.150
e a little bit
pick this case
it's not,
hought 
 on this side, 00:05:31.390 --> 00:05:33.000
 fan side up,
ad a case with
what this design costs them
ain them back 
st is 00:05:55.750 --> 00:05:57.570

is in here 00:06:06.540 --> 00:06:07.870
ng as you have
gh uninterrupted space
of a fold-out lip
be able to make it work.
for the boys back at Seasonic,
but it's gonna be
eally tight, 00:06:37.120 --> 00:06:38.690
nish the install.
a little bit.

g) 00:06:57.030 --> 00:07:03.510
everything plugs in

 this goes
 over to the other side.

 we got? 00:07:32.300 --> 00:07:36.450
 down in the bottom 00:07:39.180 --> 00:07:41.120
 actually been
ust need to deal
everything contained like that.
 means if you need 
etty cool 00:08:01.270 --> 00:08:03.750
RGB connectors,
it was nice knowing ya.

 tool for the job 00:08:23.570 --> 00:08:25.090
mashing it shut?
0:08:32.180 --> 00:08:33.420
to the video,
start to finish

 in cable management 00:08:49.240 --> 00:08:51.300
cleaner without it 00:08:53.630 --> 00:08:55.060
imilar-looking 00:08:57.360 --> 00:08:59.300

hat 00:09:10.840 --> 00:09:13.300
ly, this isn't RGB,

nna look 
at cost? 00:09:28.420 --> 00:09:29.420
 outlandishly priced,
on the back of your power supply
of your motherboard

ys are looking 
pposed to be 2019, 00:09:59.390 --> 00:10:01.060
 below 
what do we got what are we going to talk
about today Alex yeah we've got the
pixel for a it's leaked a bunch big
surprise right there
huge big surprise also the European
Union is thinking about introducing a
right to repair legislation that they're
working on and that's exciting
also Honeywell they built the most
powerful computer or a quantum computer
did they I guess that they make quantum
computers did they achieve quantum
supremacy apparently yes we have no time
for jokes now we'll get to that later
for now is what the part of the show
when you do the intro I believe it is
yeah hit that intro ooh hey did I talk
during this point they normally do but
the viewers don't like it very much
Oh
[Music]
do that no it's not fresh books right
now well what do you have - you're
supposed to do this
Oh oh shoot you do this sorry okay
[Music]
so the designer which invalid
and then I do this
oh you do that oh you did it
boom honey and honey love those guys
and my personal suckers we get to eat
jerky savage jerky yeah yes and now back
to the good stuff
hello so the pixel for a oh yeah
so it's unsurprising that it's leaked
but I'm actually pretty excited about
what there is yeah so there's a couple
things here for one they're not doing
the stupid does the pixel 3 have the one
where it scans her face her that's just
before just before I have the pixel 3
and I was kind of upset because I was
excited when they announced the pixel 4
with the project soli sensors of course
you what I think we talked about this a
little bit when there was being an atom
I was like oh cool cuz I don't know if
you guys saw this but like when Google
first announced project soli it was like
this secretive kind of like research
project and they were like we can sense
little tiny movements oh you're gonna
make with your fingers you're gonna be
able to have a little doohickey and
you're gonna be able to kind of Dingle
your fingers on top of it and you're
gonna be able to like turn volume up and
like swipe things away and like
multitask all without touching your
phone yeah but the reason this was cool
Alex let me tell you yes okay the reason
this was so cool is because it had
applications for not just phones but
like you know laptops or maybe you had
like a little computing device and it
didn't even have a screen I don't know
and you're doing stuff with your hands
that sounded pretty cool to me but turns
out doesn't work great that's something
else so I'm totally fine if they have
that but also I just want the little
fingerprint reader this thing's so fast
like I am yeah boom
great and I have one of those too and
then they took it away cuz he's got a
pixel too
yeah I have a pixel 3 James has a pixel
4 and he's the he's probably the least
happy I'm just kidding don't quote me on
that all the pixel for it looks like
it's going to you know it's going to
have this fingerprint reader on the back
it also looks like it's going to have
let's go this is where we go to the
sources yes yeah you're looking at it
right now boom and you can still see us
which is also awesome because I don't
know I don't like Bluetooth earbuds I
don't
I like the big I like the cans I like
the big ones those are great I see what
you're saying but I don't like the
little earbuds like see I've used our
pods I've used the pixel buds it's not a
fan it's been really frustrating
watching the industry as a whole kind of
move towards removing headphone jacks
because emotionally you know it puts you
through the wringer cuz you're like the
first time they remove the headphone
jack you're like no I love it and then
you're kind of like alright then you go
to acceptance where you're like alright
there's it the jack is dead they're
taking it away and a car horn is honking
I know everybody's can you hear that
we're gonna get copyright infringer I'd
strike for having that's us that's a
sound you can get from a music library
somewhere anyways you go to acceptance
right because so you're like okay I'm
gonna I guess I'll buy good Bluetooth
earphones I guess I'll get into that and
that's the future and then they do the
stuff like this where they're like just
kidding we can put in a headphone jack
if we want it's not a necessary thing
yeah and you're just like ah what so now
I just don't don't like it well for me
it was like my big problem with wireless
earbuds is they just don't have enough
battery capacity like it's pretty good
but I do this thing constantly where
it's good enough that you don't have to
plug it in every single night hmm but
it's not good enough that you can go for
like a week like you can with the over
ear ones bro I'm just constantly in this
situation where like you just want to
throw in some earbuds and suddenly they
don't work yeah you're like jeez what so
like I had pixel buds and then instead I
stopped using them and I just bought
four pairs of like what are the ones
like the pixel headphones that you just
plug in here like the ones that come in
the box yeah I see they're like 20 30
bucks something like that I just bought
a bunch of them stuck them in every bag
that I own and I have been really happy
ever since then yeah I know that's what
I use I
use the ones that came with my phone but
they're just like they're not as good as
a headphone jack though even on the
pixel - they didn't have it no pixel one
had a headphone jack I think so it's so
funny because they did this that the
pixel 3a had a headphone jack as well
here I'll show you guys my screen I'm
looking at something very interest so
that's there was a huge there were tons
of photos leaked there was a huge
hands-on video as well leaked so we've
basically seen the phone in in all its
glory you can see there there's a what
do you call it
pull pull hunch hole-punch camera so
there is no the censor bar that was in
the pixel 4 is not there so we won't
have those same project soli gestures
anyways so nothing to get disappointed
about I guess yeah the only person in
the world look I'm sure other people
cared about this there's the fingerprint
sensor and we have the the rectangular
square shaped camera cutout as well
though I don't know if it has I'm pretty
sure it's just one lens so it's only
like that just to look cool and those
pictures are all courtesy of tech droid
err so thanks a lot yeah I don't know
and then the other important detail was
what am I looking at here $3.99 it's
gonna start at 399 apparently because
billboard mock-ups were discovered where
apparently Google's ready to to
advertise it already nothing there's no
mystery anymore
it's kind of sign it phones in anything
mostly every phone that comes out you
know and everything every phone that
comes out you know everything about it
before it launches it's like what's the
point you know well this kind of leads
nicely like overall though I'm pretty
stoked because it just might be my next
phone because it's just I think that the
price and the headphone jack and you
know it just being seeming generally
good this fingerprint reader awesome and
the battery on my pixel 2 is kind of
starting to die which nicely brings us
into our next one
earlier our next segment oh wow yeah
starting to die and you'd love to repair
it you
if only you could somehow have the right
to repair it
so yeah the EU is going to introduce
some sweeping right to repair
legislation that is probably going to be
awesome but we don't have a lot of
details so maybe it'll be bad a little
bit could be so basically manufacturers
of phones tablets laptops will face
legal obligations to make sure that
their products are easier to repair and
reuse the Commission will have
eco-design law to cover phone yeah all
of those things that have said is this
what you do and they voted
overwhelmingly aid to push the device
manufacturers to adopt shared charging
cables now okay I actually don't like
that one as much Oh what two shared
charging cable yeah why hello what do
you mean what's not that link I don't
see why you have to all have one cable
what is that supposed to mean that
doesn't make any sense of course you
want to have all one cable that's what
the USBC is for yeah true us pcs pretty
great oh so you're saying wait but are
you saying that like because I think
this was a real concern that if the U
does pass this you know legislation
saying all right we all need to have one
one charger for all mobile devices they
might not go with USB C they might go
with like oh that means we have to
create a new one that's like perfect I
was more concerned about that you can
have one cable and then since that's the
only standard you're not able to do
anything with it
what well like you know there's there's
some problems with it like I find USB
type-c particularly bad for dust like
lightning is better for that I find like
air yes sir
I've had to get the you know ya little
toothpick in there quite a few times and
have like a link ball like this big come
out so cuz you SPC has the extra little
yes thinking you do dad lightning is
just a hole and you stick it in yeah and
USBC is like it's not just a hole it's
like a hole with a doohickey in the
middle and like when I've used iPhones
I've never had problems with lightning
like crapping out well like I have
problems constantly were like I'm going
for a run and then my headphones I just
like comes down and you're over ride
dude no but like with the USB type-c
like my headphones they just become
disconnected
with lightning or USB type-c type-c Oh
lightning I've never had that issue for
you to switch to iPhone you yet get
traitor yeah except W on type C soon
maybe or it'll just not not next year
not this year the links the leaks don't
point to a USB see iPhone this year my
friend sorry to tell you anyway back to
the part that I'm excited about it okay
single-use items will be restricted
premature obsolescence will be tackled
and the destruction of unsold goods will
be banned which is I think it's awesome
like I am going to have to not use this
phone because the battery is going to
die and it's hard to repair it there's
just not really any way around it so I'm
going to buy probably a pixel for a
right oh really
maybe it's finally time you've been
rocking that thing for well we'll see
it's like one in three years
no it's pixel to like two and a half and
you're happy with it yeah I still like
it it's kind of it's really weird to
like work at a place like Linus meaty
group where everyone's like Oh buying
this new phone all the time and like you
know I'm just using this phone because
we have it like you're just still
rocking this pixel to like it
it doesn't own age over here like people
still complement older I'm on the photos
you even have a stone case yeah it's
peeling from all to use Stone Age anyway
anyway yeah we've seen a lot of
manufacturers already kind of embracing
the right to repair in ways that I think
are good so like Dell has been just kind
of leading the charge I think apples
also been excellent with just like their
packaging is all recyclable - some like
plastic bag if you're talking about
general environmental friendliness yeah
not necessarily right to repair and like
you can get into them pretty easily
my Christine - an iPhone no Dell you
said Apple I'm you said yeah I'm an
Apple - so I missed the MacBook
specifically oh you really yeah I've no
I haven't opened up in a MacBook it's
actually really hard but as long as you
haven't I fixed a kit it's fine okay I
guess that anyone whose shoe is opening
these things up should probably have
like
I fix it kid anyways or something yeah
another one is like Microsoft their
surface laptop three is awesome because
it's a surface laptop - but you can get
inside of it without like a heat gun
destroying the whole thing oh that's
pretty cool yeah it's just like Forks
kurz actually the screws are really hard
to get at we cut it out of we did the
short circuit and I took it apart and we
cut most of it out but there was like a
good like 12 15 minutes of me trying to
get these stupid rubber things out so I
could access the screws wait so it's
good or bad it's it's a lot better like
I didn't have to destroy it but I was
almost defeated by rubber nubbins again
the bane of my existence Dennis you have
something to say and so hopefully this
will just generally lead to a lot more
people repairing their phones instead of
getting new ones which kind of sucks if
you're Apple or basically anyone else so
there's his fun thing back in 2018 where
after
remember the whole scandal where they
were like they were throttling down
phones because the battery had less
capacity when it got old and people
write really mad yeah and they just had
to give out a ton of money for that no
they they had a bunch of batteries for
sale for $29 and you could like replace
it oh and they expected to sell a
million of them and they ended up doing
11 million battery replacements ended up
costing them a potential five to nine
billion dollars in losses and like
people not upgrading their phone oh boy
but that shows you like how much the
demand there is for just replacing
batteries and phones it's it's really
it's really a hard thing because you
know it's it's it's the clash between
companies like doing things that will
make them more money and consumers
wanting things that will save them money
yeah but it's like on the one hand you
know these are capitalistic ventures
like that's that's their prerogative to
like you know sell more phones or
whatever and that's fine I guess on the
other hand that's just not very
sustainable it's not and I think we're
getting to a point now in ours
we live in a society guys we're getting
to the point where I think I don't know
I think the we as the people are
starting to demand that these companies
take like environmental issues and yeah
but the funny thing about this is that
it's the perfect nexus of environmental
issues and like consumer friendliness in
terms of like okay look we don't want to
buy a new phone every three seconds that
also happens to be you know helpful for
the environment where we're not throwing
out our phones but also it's something
like so like companies are it's
incumbent upon them to to you know give
us what we want here and I think that
you this is what I was trying to say and
like somebody called me out cuz I think
I tweeted that or maybe I didn't tweet
or maybe I put it in tech liked that I'm
like oh the EU is actually like like uh
you know they've been they've been the
good guys this whole time then somebody
called me on said okay what about GDP
are like the whole privacy legislation
where you know basically you're you're
it restricts your freedom online to do
things creatively mmm but that's kind of
annoying from a creative standpoint but
it's also helpful to some creators cuz
it can it means that your stuff isn't
you know take you're not you're not
taking advantage of so but I think
overall I think the EU is really going
for a friendly to consumers type of
approach where they're like we're doing
these things to help you and I
appreciate it we might also have like an
awkward generation or two of phones
where it's like they try to figure out
how the heck to comply with being able
to upgrade your phone right right it's
like okay wait so we're gonna we're
gonna okay it's gonna be a unibody
there's no but there's no backplate that
you can take off to replace the battery
but you can take it into the store and
we'll give you a new one and we like
those funktastic ones from like China
that the screen goes all the way around
and like what are you going to do with
those anyway like I'm pretty excited
just because there's something like the
Samsung S 20 if I knew that I could like
fix the battery I might go out and buy
one it's like a thousand bucks but if
it's going to last me for you
it could be worth it but if it's like
the batteries going to die in two two
and a half years I don't want to spend a
thousand dollars on a phone
exactly exactly like Lana and why would
you when you can just buy a new phone
this this is what's so funny is that
like we're coming around like we had
this already we already had phones that
you could repair like completely repair
and put to put the battery back in and
then for some reason this is what I
don't understand guys okay this is what
I don't get I put a case on my phone as
soon as I get a new one as soon as I get
a phone case goes on it
can we stop caring can we decide as a
society to stop caring about what phones
look like so cuz like I don't want to
unibody I want it to be functional it's
a tool it's also a toy yeah but like you
know you know I want to put a case on it
so I can drop it and stuff so I guess
the one more thing is if you have to
take it apart are you sacrificing
waterproofness I really like the fact
that this is waterproof I can like
that's I don't know go on a hike and
toss it in my pocket and it rains it
doesn't matter but no I had water kill
one of my phones it didn't totally kill
it but it feels like the USB circuitry
so it basically killed it but how hard
is it to make a phone with like
removable panels that's also waterproof
like a few things waterproof is really
tough you're tough
I have you like I don't know how do you
experienced like any coffee mug ever
like the travel ones I have experience
they leak all over the place well if you
get a bad one
yeah even the good ones the good ones
sleep - just give them a little bit I
get my coffee mugs from Apple you should
say ltte stored up Ltd store.com wait we
have coffee mugs no these bottles you
know they'll keep your weight do we have
coffee mugs no we have is this an Ltd
store spot
no what the water is this the sponsors
right now no it's not no it's not but I
think we're working on mugs but continue
sorry and coffee mugs suck because they
always leak it's really hard to make
things water pay what about GoPros yeah
they have the big old case around dunno
but aren't they aren't
waterproof now they've always been
waterproof but that's because they have
no no no no I'm looking this up I'm
looking this up go oh you're like the
waterproof oh yeah like the GoPro itself
is also waterproof but you can't take it
apart the same way yeah the new ones are
the new ones are all waterproof without
the case the newer GoPro cameras are
waterproof without a housing while the
older units require a housing boom yeah
but I would be very curious easy as that
all right Samsung Samsung Apple you just
go talk to GoPro they know they're very
knowledgeable to ask about asking about
their drones are doing how are their
drones doing I mean I don't know how
their drones are doing now but a couple
years ago like Karma all their drones
like fell from the sky apocalyptic
scenario what else do we have for all
the people asking where line is in Lucar
they're not here really sorry this is
not a normal thing though so don't worry
they'll be back yeah moving on I think
it's time to move on a yes
what are we which one are we doing I
don't even know which one tickles you I
mean okay I want to talk about this
Washington improving facial recognition
a little bit okay because I've been
following this this this kind of ol like
regulation of facial recognition issue a
little bit and it's interesting because
this is another example of like
companies wanting to do something and
that clashing with you know the
interests of consumers in the same way
that the you know right to repair and
like environmental aspect yeah we were
just talking about facial recognition is
really cool it's a rapidly developing
technology but the problem is that a lot
of the algorithms that is based on end
up being biased so like there'll be a
lot better at recognizing a certain type
of person like like you know people of
certain races or whatever
mm-hm so it's biased in that way and
also a lot of it is still very
inaccurate but they're they're rolling
it out in places like in the UK they're
rolling it out in Lund in certain areas
of london i think i don't know if it's
across all of london mm-hmm but they're
rolling it out and it's got like an 80%
error
like it gives like two out of ten right
or something well there's this big
problem with recognizing faces where you
can easily train like an AI to recognize
a group of like let's say like ten
thousand people it's like pretty easy
you'll be able to get it right pretty
much every time what do you mean it can
recognize a group of like like like it
will be able to pick out an individual
to be like oh sure like a different
picture or like a video of someone and
will be like it's that person it mails
it okay but as you make the sample size
larger this is like like with a lot of
AI stuff you make the sample size larger
and it just eats up the days like with
facial recognition it's kind of the
opposite because you just get more faces
that look the same in there so as your
sample size goes up the accuracy can go
down right because the chance of you
getting a false positive increases yeah
well and that's the problem isn't it
yeah there's that really fun one in
London was it there was the big fair I
believe where there was a bunch of
people attending and they used AI to try
and pick out criminals and it had a
whole bunch of false positives and the
only correct one that it got was someone
that was already like the police found
him and got him oh so they were like oh
whoops we were just out here wasting our
time a little bit so so the development
that we're talking about the reason
we're talking about facial recognition
right now is because Washington State
has approved well okay it hasn't
actually been signed into law by the
governor yet but the House and the
Senate
oh geez I don't know how I forgot how
American government works but anyways
they got a bill basically to the point
where it's approved where there are
going to be strong regulations on how
it's used they are going to regulate how
which algorithms are used and how
they're developed and also if law
enforcement wants to use it they will
have to require a warrant to to use it
for like a specific thing they're not
going to be able to just kind of like
post cameras up everywhere and scan
everybody is
okay that's good which i think is like
you know maybe that's not the end goal
like I can understand how having facial
recognition you know out there in public
helps security or whatever yeah and like
maybe if we regulate it enough we can
get it to that point where okay it's a
hundred cent accurate or something and
like we know that there's gonna be knows
false positives and we know that it's
not gonna infringe on people's privacy I
don't know if that's possible
okay I'm not a facial scientist but I
think that this is an important step to
like take it slow you know okay we're
not super comfortable with exactly how
this is working yet so let's just let's
just be careful here all right let's
let's pass some legislation and let's
make sure that it's being developed in
the right way I don't know if we need
any other details about that yeah I
think that's basically it for that okay
anyways now you want to talk about
something or no you didn't I did yes Oh
what do you go honey well we got quantum
quantum in here this is mostly just
because it feels like it's just kind of
out of nowhere honey well apparently it
has quantum supremacy yeah what okay I
don't really know maybe this is maybe
this is like embarrassing but what does
Honeywell make like fridges yeah they
make like thermostats okay and this is
coming courtesy of RC mail mayil sorry I
don't know how to say your name on the
forum thanks for the contribution
anyways Honeywell yeah so basically how
it works is you know most quantum
computers they work using
superconducting qubits so I did like
three minutes googling this so I
apologize for brutalizing it for the
small number of people that are quantum
experts destroyed that are listening but
basically you know normally with a
quantum computer you have a very thin
ring of aluminum that is chilled until
it becomes a superconductor and then
like you know current you starts flowing
and then because it's a superconductor
and they're able to do stuff that
basically allows for the current to flow
in both directions at one time and I
think that there's an issue with that
because you're not able to read it well
you're like running the stuff
oh no yeah
so the one from Honeywell they instead
use ion traps so they have strontium or
something along those lines can I just
say that sounds like super sci-fi yeah
we have to get past the ion traps
continue and so then well well it's kind
of like traps dangling there by
electricity above like a gold film or
like a gold strip right they're able to
change it from a state of zero to one
and then they have a laser that reads
the atoms and so basically if it's in
state zero it does nothing but if in
state one it emits a photon and Boop the
both you find out what it's doing so the
fun thing about that is they're able to
create if loops if loops yes is that
like if this then that yeah I know about
that and so apparently that's great I I
could have told you that to build this
quantum computer Honeywell partner with
JP Morgan another one where it's like
like what I don't even know what JP
Morgan does but I know they're in the
finance industry somewhere and also
Microsoft oh that's a bank isn't it yes
these wine shows are horrible for me
everyone just finds out that I know
nothing about banks yeah it turns out
Honeywell does a lot of stuff in defense
and aerospace and has a lot of expertise
in vacuums and cryogenics which is how
they were able to do this Honeywell does
honey welcome man they have such an
innocuous name for like for being
involved in that kind of stuff like I
think of I you know I don't even have
much brand awareness of what Honeywell
is but like if I had to guess I'd be
like it
I see like a Honeywell toaster one time
yeah like turns out they're making
secret super soldiers and labs ok now
why but now why is this particular
configuration for a quantum computer why
is that a big deal why does that make
that more powerful than like a
traditional one I think that it's just
because it's easier to make a whole
bunch of them and run them in parallel
ok
and it's easier to like start and stop
it so will they will they achieve
quantum supremacy they they have a paper
I have it in the dock as paper by
Honeywell for super nerds oh and they
claim that they have quantum supremacy
but it hasn't been verified by other
people so they're like actually being
kind of they're actually kind of being a
bit humble about it instead of Google it
was just like we did it I don't know if
they would be humble the reports that I
have said we're like we'll wait for a
second
I'm on your screen now oh you are I can
show the people what did you what are
you looking at that I honestly don't
understand it I feel like okay there
might be a few people in the chat if
you're if you're a quantum scientist in
the chat let us know that you think that
we're talking nonsense but otherwise I
think most people here have no idea what
the heck yeah let's see what wisdom we
have here Tommy Gunn 9228 says don't
want to be rude but Reilly's mustache
makes him look like an 80s porn star but
I like that style that's see that's well
hi Alex
I accept it so uh JPMorgan site the AAP
Morgan Chase that what you said yeah
like chase the bank chase here's the
other thing guys we're Canadians so we
don't have I don't think we have chase
and maybe JP Morgan's involved in some
stuff up here but it's not like a
household name or maybe if you're on the
stock market
I don't know I should i with a credit
union okay Newton you're we got a
neuroscientist in the chat but that's
not gonna help us I mean maybe it will
maybe consciousness is based on quantum
mechanics did you ever think about that
or maybe they're building quantum
mechanics so it's more like based off of
consciousness I think it's kind of a
point yeah neuromorphic computing yeah
Dan dude if I mean if I if that's not
time for to talk about our sponsors that
I don't know what it is where am i what
am I on here it's time to talk about
what do you have more to say about the
quantum someone who says quantum
supremacy means that they can build an
AI that will
Nate the world right no I think it just
means it they built the best one I think
they just mean yeah no no no no no
quantum supremacy I know what this is do
we know what it is clearly not haha this
is something Riley knows about quantum
supremacy is the point at which a
quantum computer can do something better
than a traditional computer or something
okay some some along those lines okay
look somebody now somebody's gonna say
what the actual definition isn't the
Chan oh here we go
web is glue a measure 101 says in
quantum computing quantum supremacy is
the goal of demonstrating that a
programmable quantum device can solve a
problem that classical computers
practically cannot okay there we go cool
it's not that they do it better it's
that they do something that our
computers now can't even do at all
so Google said that they Google said
that they had achieved it but then turns
out that okay well they didn't our
computers could do what their computer
dead we would just take like a while oh
and someone in the chat asked like
normal quantum computing needs cooling
to be a superconductor does this need it
basically yes it's under a vacuum but
super duper cold right it's maybe
slightly easier to make but it's still
you know you're not making it in your
basement unless you're that one kid that
did what yeah there's like an 11 year
old that somebody made a quantum
computer heater in their basement well I
think it was like in his living room but
it was like pretty wild things yeah
sounds like something I have made life
okay anyway that's that's super cool if
you're the guy who made a quantum
computer in your basement
congratulations
I'm proud of you oh that's amazing
hey it's time to talk about our sponsors
real quick hey guess what guess what
Alex yeah what FreshBooks is a thing
yeah and we love them fresh Briggs is
the super simple to use invoicing tool
that does more than just help you create
slick looking invoices it also helps you
track your time with their timesheet
function manage your expenses keep track
of who owes you what and the mobile app
has all the functionality of their
desktop version as well you can do all
this on the
if you really want to Wow have you ever
made an invoice on the toilet now you
can you can do it with fresh books
mobile call their support staff and talk
to a real human as well it's not just
like you know digital fax and stuff like
that get fifty percent off your first
three months of fresh books when you
sign up for a paid plan at fresh books
calm /when if you're a freelance person
or a person who sends invoices for
things it's super useful I can imagine
so trust me I've actually seen like when
I was back in Nova Scotia I worked for a
guy that was like roofing things oh yeah
and like generally you know actually it
was like a pretty bad time because
there's a little bunch of old houses
there and then like you know you go and
try to repair one and it's full of ants
but anyway he was just using like an
Excel document was a horrible time you
have used it when I when I worked back
for NCIX I was a contractor for a little
bit and I was trying to make invoices
every time on the Excel and it's not
that hard but like it just takes time
yeah with the with the service you know
you can just make an invoice right away
next up honey honey is the free shopping
tool it finds the best promo codes
whenever you shop online at specific
sites now those of you who have
downloaded honey from our link saved
over a hundred thousand dollars in the
past few months Wow honey works on over
30,000 stores including Amazon eBay new
egg raiser Best Buy Walmart and I can
say from experience that there's more
yes you know approximately close to
30,000 more honey gets a small
commission from sites where honey saves
you money so it's free for you to get
for you guys to use you don't pay
anything it just gives you a discount
it's free to use and installs in just
two clicks
Colton Brandon and a few others here at
LMG have used honey to save money
shopping online they're smart people so
you can be smart too and get honey for
free right now at join honey calm slash
Linus it's it's just an extension you
just slap it on your browser and then
shopping is easier and cheaper and it's
delicious
yay like savage turkey speaking of
delicious Wow
I don't even get me some of that what
jerky yeah what do you got we have
having your level of sauce you never
have an arrow which ones the hottest I
have tried the spiciest one before yeah
and I can say that I tried it so I don't
need to try it now I'm gonna have a oh
no which one of these is I've tried the
spiciest one before what do we got here
we got I don't know which ones you sir
habanero buffalo sauce that's hot
sriracha teriyaki that's medium I'm
going right for the Mojo habanero oh
jeez I think this is one of the harder
one for sure yeah I guess I'm doing the
sriracha teriyaki savage jerky there
it's made with the best ingredients guys
there's no nitrates there's no
preservatives and their goal is to
create a snack that is full of flavor
and spice that isn't bad for you because
that's hard yeah you can create
something that's super tasty but sounds
a bit hot that one's definitely huh yeah
what do you want to do that kind of want
some more though what it's really tasty
what's wrong with you I mean what's
right with you can I also have some of
the other ones no Jesus I'm a little so
we got three flavors here because they
got 13 different flavors of jerky jerky
such as the ones that we just said and
Linus's favorite is maple buffalo bacon
apparently that one's actually really
tasty and they also make barbecue sauce
hot sauce and a spice rub for inter for
those intimate moments what drinking
their Carolina Reaper hot sauce is one
of the hottest peppers in the world and
you can use offer code ltte to save 10%
on all of their products you 10% off
some jerky and then you know have some
jerky go back to what you're doing why
not and also we don't supposed to say
this now to the Ltd folding thing or
that later what Oh which boys do that
right now anyway Ltd folding if you do
folding with your computer do you know
what folding is it's great it's the best
thing you use your computer spare
computing power and you fold proteins
while you simulate folding of proteins
and it it helps you know researchers do
research well right now there's a big
push you know there's that virus thing
that's happening that is really we can't
super talked about yeah openly cuz thank
you to monetize YouTube anyways but but
yeah there's a
push on there so if you have a GPU like
I'm gonna be going home I'm gonna be
setting up I have like two computers
that I don't use a whole lot I'm just
gonna set them to fold yeah do one thing
I would strongly right wow that oh boy
one thing that I would strongly
recommend if you're starting folding
make sure that your temps aren't
SuperDuper high you don't want to be
running like mmm your GPU at a hundred
degrees like for a super long amount of
time so just you know go in make sure
like with hard work where info that
you're not doing anything super duper
crazy and then you know you can go into
the folding at-home thing said it's like
only use 70% GPU and then maybe your
temps drop lunch and do it there
excellent time then you don't have it
for you but like you know it hurting
your hardware and it's just generally
awesome there's you know going towards
getting a vaccine is an awesome thing to
do these days and it's not free unless
you know your plan Lords pay for your
Tower but it's not that bad it's not
that bad at all is very worth it for it
you know the general good of humankind I
don't have the right link here what the
heck that's annoying are we able to post
it in the thing yeah we can post the
we're supposed to post the post this
link in chat now that goes to the PCMR
this one boom now it's on twitch now
it's on YouTube posting a bunch
it'll get lost in there I don't know how
to post on fluffly because I've never
looked at this before
but anyways yeah help it out help they
help the people out who are doing the
research on the posted a couple more
times one more time spam it spam it
there we go
perfect can't you get banned for that
can you get banned for spamming your own
chat I don't think so
I'll be pretty funny today
um okay very cool oh wait I can post it
in the plane right now
now that links see now now I feel bad
because that links to the PCM are you
know official PCM are folding thing
that's happening and maybe its
affiliated I actually didn't get a
chance to look at it very deeply but I
know that on the LTTE forum we're also
doing folding to help with I think if we
can say it right can we say the name the
thing that's bad you know everybody you
know the thing that's happening so it's
it's gonna do research for that
wait what's over here are you clicked on
that to know what oh yeah I just copied
it over okay so use your computer
moving on do you want to talk about the
Facebook thing uh kind of I don't know
do you have something to say about that
not particularly forget you guys that
don't know Facebook broke privacy laws
big surprise no nobody heard about that
one Kamboj analytic ah it was bad
Australia's saying that you know they
could be sued up to five hundred and
twenty nine billion dollars that would
be pretty bad which is also you know
pretty great because I guess the UK only
find them for five hundred thousand
pounds it's like nothing yeah exactly
good job Australia I guess for maybe but
they probably won't end up doing it so
uh who knows I saw this earlier and I
was kind of like okay maybe it's just
because I'm so you know oh here we go
I'll click through thanks slimey Python
for the post in the forum I I saw this
and maybe it's just because I'm I'm so
what do you call it desensitize yeah to
to Facebook being find and like doing
privacy violations like I say listen I'm
like all having like bad back doors yeah
and the crazy thing the crazy thing is
that it says the fine could scale up to
five hundred and twenty nine billion
dollars but in the article I'm not sure
if it's this article or another article
they said that basically they probably
won't have to do that
oh no Alex our SEO rankings are dropping
no anyways they said that they basically
they probably won't have to play this
fine because you know they haven't paid
they have been fined other times but
they have really good lawyers yeah so I
don't I don't know maybe I should care
more about these kind of things maybe or
maybe not it's also Australia suing them
yeah and it's just like do you use
Facebook anymore do I use Facebook in
Australia well but just like period do
you use Facebook anymore I don't I don't
really use it unless except for like
specific things to go on there and like
like MIT my marketplace yeah I use it
for market blow or you know to deal with
our ltte Facebook pages that we have in
marketplace fricking marketplace I was I
was supposed to get a mini-fridge
tonight but he just hasn't messaged me
back I'm kind of mad about it I said now
you're calling about on wedge right yeah
I have a platform and I'm gonna use it
to call on you username whatever you had
a plan for this weekend that involved
that mini-fridge now I cannot keep my
things chill yep I was going to try and
make dry-aged steaks and now I can't oh
man you're gonna have to have regular
steaks like you're getting chump yeah
yeah alright what else we got here
YouTube ditches the trending tab okay
you put this into the document I didn't
understand why honestly like I put it in
here because I thought that Linus would
go off oh yeah cuz if Linus was here he
would definitely have something to say
yeah you have something really like
really there what would you call that
the inflammatory something that most
people would not care about and really
probably shouldn't so what is this but
anyway you click on it and now instead
you get know there's like trending
gaming movies and shows learning oh you
weren't on there okay yeah
instead of hitting trending where it
just shows you like Jimmy Kimmel and who
we interviewed that day you know yeah I
guess van wives is being you know shown
off there's apparently going to be more
creator content on here it actually
looks like it is but it's pretty much
all CNN Navy
see MSNBC uh they're trying apparently
you also get these tabs for trending
gaming movies learning music news
fashion and beauty not yet right
but is this what you wrote apparently
more hubs will be added soon maybe yeah
so then we'll wait but that's just gonna
be annoying to have like a million tabs
along the bottom of the YouTube app well
it's only in the Explorer tab actually
if you look on exploring how it just
shows us in gaming so there you go
us and gaming no like it shows us that
like we're live oh wait we're live right
now Wow
yeah that's cool yeah that's really cool
it's it's good anytime that they try to
do stuff that doesn't only show old
people media right okay so that wait
yeah that's interesting that's something
I didn't really think about because
trending has like often gets basically
just taken over by you know NBC or
something yeah also us we take but
that's not us you know we don't do we
don't have any say in that we just end
up on trending because we're friggin
amazing
well and also just because Leigh was a
joke where we're friendly apparently so
we're just put on there all we're fine
we're pretty friendly I guess for
Canadians yeah I guess we're pretty
friendly and we're humble too
yes we're the most humble out of anyone
what else do we have
it's okay so no this has been about the
thing that we can't talk about on
YouTube yeah I know all right
I had that problem with tech like today
we're like we've you know we've been
reporting we've been talking about we've
been talking about the health thing
that's happening in the world a lot on
to actually I know something I want to
have a whinge here today all right so I
was on Dells website a whinge yes like
whining yes I want to whine okay at
everyone and call out basically every
single laptop and desktop man you
sure fix your websites come on oh I was
I was trying to find like what is just
like the best bang for the buck gaming
laptop recently and I was trying to just
do some research to find it like the one
that I picked was good and it was just
impossible let's go on to these websites
and they all suck you go into like Dells
website you have to click through like
oh yes is it for home is it for that
like no I just want to be able to be
like maybe like apples is pretty good
but that's just because they don't have
many products but so many of them is
just a huge maze to try and find the
product that you're looking okay like I
know I know every single product by
memory companies have and I can't find
them wait so what do you want just like
a big list I don't know maybe they just
need to do better though see
alphabetical list doesn't work for
people who like you know work at a tech
you know not own litter aliy know like
every product that is ever so some of
them are sorted by like what are you
trying to do and that's much better than
everything else but I think that the big
problem is just like it's focused on
like what is the lineup without telling
you what this line like Lenovo is it's
particularly bad let's see um no vote
tech news this week is that alex is an
old man yes I am mad at all of these
laptop manufacturers I'm going to try
what is their most recent gaming laptop
let's try and figure this one I want me
to show you can you go my screen smarter
technology for all I don't care I want
to find out what is gaming he's a blitz
he's upset everybody laptops right here
okay let's see what they got yeah what
do they have here explore by type so on
it's slow there's nothing about gaming
here and it doesn't all right alright
Alex calm down
so you're scaring the viewers gaming
laptops will click on this it would be
really nice like maybe if we could go by
type and price point like if you want to
look for their budget gaming laptop you
should be able to click on gaming and
then like I don't know consumer and then
premium
because I'll probably not say like
budget in it or whatever that's still
too many categories for me but instead
it's like which one of these do I want
oh you want the Y 450 450 450 what the Y
540 obviously Oh it's temporarily
unavailable I just saw the red thing and
I thought that said was like best deal
or something
looked like it it doesn't tell you what
the differences are between like any of
these well what do you mean one's got a
15.6 FHD display and another one this is
a 7.3 inch gaming laptop and then you
have to like go in and customize them
it's it's more difficult than it should
be anyway we should move on HP's also
bad Dells also bad Asus is bad Acer's
not great do you think this is gonna
have an impact on the industry none we
have complained about this so many times
this little rant right now yeah I mean
maybe maybe maybe this is the perfect
nexus maybe like all the Detailers are
watching us right now and they're like
oh no alex is the guy that reviews the
laptops no I think they go easy upset I
think they're going to be like well
we're not worse than everyone else
except for Apple and that's probably why
people just go in and buy an Apple like
HP I don't wanna buy a printer I'm
looking for a laptop right now laptops
gaming makes like shut up
keep it moving I'm trying nigga we're
doing our best ok Linus and Luke are
here HP we hit a 404 and that's where
the train stops what are you saying Nick
[Music]
isn't it it's a new store it's a new
story oh thing it's great it's not
terrible people are gonna get mad at us
you know so find one thing by scrolling
past all of the other ones
oh damn you don't have to open it up and
then see Linus posing in his underwear I
haven't even seen this yet this is it
whoa actually pretty sick yeah the drive
is hard but the shirt is so-so don't
download it wear it
Oh cuz it's RAM downloading more ram
right yes I like it I like that joke yes
it made me chuckle and free stickers
nice hey this looks great I was waiting
I was waiting for the site to not look
like a mobile site hey can you buy the
hat that I'm wearing right now yes yeah
there it is can you buy the shirt I'm
wearing right now don't reveal the
audience what you okay anyways shipping
delays yeah shipping I mean putting
anywhere anywhere else in the world
right now is a little tough yeah moving
things from one area of the world to the
other yep but we'll get there but LTTE
but the dirt but the shirt is not
[Laughter]
alright are very soft okay we have we
have another we have another thing to
talk about
oh they're stopping sales at can I get
one of those which one is that okay cool
that's intuitive this one okay see you
Nick get away and show shirt everybody
or don't that's your prerogative but do
it and that's the final word on that
okay one more thing to talk about oh
wait have we covered that too new AMD
specific web browser exploitable things
are bad yeah I know we haven't but like
Jake headed in is the title topic he did
he did good have to give it I love that
Jake as the last one just as an insult
as the last one
I guess alright
so the main thing okay we can read
through it let's read through it so this
week security researchers from the grads
University of Technology and the
University of Rennes has publicly
released a paper disclosing two new
attack methods designed not for Intel
processors because Intel processors have
had vulnerabilities up the ying-yang
these days it's crazy these are for AMD
processors starting front with
processors released in 2011 and going up
to now which includes Xen processors and
Xen 2 processors that's rising so these
new exploits is target AMD's l1d cache
way predictor I said that wrong l1d
cache way predictor first introduced
with the bulldozer architecture the
features used an unknown hashing
algorithm along with a prediction table
to tell which cache a certain memory
address is located and rather than
having to access every cache way so
here's the thing I can read through this
whole thing but I'm not gonna fully
understand what it means does that mean
anything to you not really no ok maybe
if Luke was here he'd be able to
understand what that means yeah they're
able to break the ASLR address space
layout randomization the basic the
takeaway from this kind of thing is that
AMD has been resurgent in in recent
years yeah right and you know Intel's
processors have just made less and less
sense as AMD makes these like bawlin
Rison processors that are excellent at
not only multi-threading but they're
also starting to catch up in single core
performance now as well and it just
hasn't been you know Intel's had a hard
time catching up to that but now on top
of that they've also had all these both
families come out you know meltdown
specter all of those what was the other
one there was a there was a whole group
of them yeah it's hard to keep track of
them all exactly and there was just
another one last week that lvi which
basically reverses it like they mitigate
it a lot of those patches with
performance hits they patched the
vulnerability but it came comes with a
performance head and
oh wait was that last week knows this
week that just came out on like Tuesday
or something was it load value injection
lvi yeah because I reported it on in
tech leaked and that kind of reversed
the way that the speculative execution
attacks happened and so it was like god
geez but finally this week we got a
vulnerability that also targets AMD so
it's like it was it was getting a little
scary and and this this vulnerability
that AMD is is vulnerable to will also
require a patch that will affect
performance so it remains to be seen how
much it will perfect-perfect
affect performance but we'll have to see
I just think it's you know it had the
scales had to balance out a little bit
here yeah you know this is uh what what
is there anything else important in here
that we can actually talk about not
really she was moving a super chat let's
move on to super chat yeah cuz we
started on time right yeah we did there
are a bunch of people actually
complaining they were like what it's on
time I'm late
have they been starting at like 5:30
pretty much yeah we're sorry guys
although it's not it's not our fault
yeah we're normally not involved well
with sometimes we put the stories in
there well sometimes it's our fault yeah
oh because we keep him keep them from
all the blog that you know okay super
how do you do that I actually don't know
there's only one right now there were
definitely more fiora cos gave us 30
bucks
wow thanks use this for coffee and
what-have-you for Riley David and James
from the next carpool critics yeah yeah
there's a shout-out also John
Carpenter's The Thing Fargo and Naked
Lunch oh haha Cheers
hey thanks the cheers to you too at Theo
Rica Theory kheh I will we'll use that
for coffee carpel critics that's been
fun podcasts we're doing--we're and we
were probably gonna do more podcasts
this is a podcast technically yeah
technically but I get really happy
that'll be confusing to people who are
listening to it like on their podcast
after like yeah but if you don't know
I'm sure you know but like
we've said it many times carpool critics
is a movie podcast me James David hosts
it it's available wherever you get your
podcast subscribe on YouTube also and
we're on flow plan and you buy what
Mabel do podcasts with you sometime sure
either you coming on but you don't you
don't really care about movies but maybe
you'll come on anyways just to be the
devil's advocate maybe we can just
review like the latest tech ingredients
video tech ingredients youtuber yeah
just sharing like oh he used indium Wow
whoa I never used it to cool a laser I
never thought I'd see the day where tech
ingredients uses India how do we look at
the other super chat well I thought okay
there must be a way am I getting get in
trouble for not seeing the rest of them
cuz I saw a bunch of oh do I just scroll
up no there's no way that you have to
scroll up well yeah no I think you do
okay that's how you do it I scroll up Oh
God
I scroll I I move away from their mic to
breathe that LTTE panties when Akihiko
says ltte panties win for two dollars no
clue
although well I guess maybe they are in
the running cos like line is made one
for a Vaughn that one time
yeah those like a custom one-off that
was custom I mean we probably we're
being sexist by not having them we might
as well make them the pair at some point
I already read that one oh that's there
that's Oh what one just came in oh hey
Brian ken ken Ali
Riley come on come on like come on wake
up smell the maple nut crunch attached
to my resume wait what I'm confused
we saw your activity there where um if
you go those right to this dream
settings you can go to view your
activity yeah you were activity oh oh we
did it
okay here we go okay we found it we
found this super tough guy okay thank
goodness alright we also got Jordan
Jordan Bend Roth who if for two dollars
said Riley I like your hat and your
sweet beard thank you the beard is going
away the Hat
is available on LTG store comm we
already we're such Hills man it's crazy
Jeremy young you missed a key go super
Chad no I didn't and we just said that
but thank you for the call out Matt
Eldridge says first ever super chat just
for Riley Alex Wow we made it
thanks Matt Sergio Arroyo says you guys
are my faves need more screen on time
well that's not fair to Lake Luca -
though I don't wanna
yeah thanks their moment there's this
when they get to talk manal Sinha for 25
bucks as Riley tech latest flippin
awesome love all your content dude alex
is 200 Alex would you take that vaio
laptop with all the imports you unboxed
on short circuit if it had the surface
slash Dell trackpad that's a good that's
a good question although not know cuz I
didn't watch that so it doesn't have a
16 by 10 display or a 3 by 10 or 3 by 2
display but the ports Alex it also
doesn't have a touchscreen it also is
floppy it's a real floppy one let me
tell let me tell you I'll use a laptop
and I'll be like this is pretty cool you
know this is like a was like a work of
somebody worked hard on this and you'll
be like the arrow key is weird doesn't
have touchscreen you know I'm Alex yeah
oh it's cool because it doesn't have
Intel it's an ARM processor it's really
overpriced ok but when I say that I
don't mean that like I want to use it as
my personal laptop I just mean that I
want to play around with it cuz it's
kind of interesting yeah yeah I just
like that's stupid you're always on
about the Google not touching thing ARM
processors yeah well it's the future
maybe I don't know man Eldridge Eldridge
says for 2 pounds first ever super oh no
I already did that one dang it Daniel
Marin says you guys are so Canadian it's
awesome that is all love you Daniel do I
have to go through all these to do all
of it um I want to go for the the larger
numbers oh me more 150 whatever the heck
those were well this is a hundred rupees
I don't know what that is a Canadian
this is gonna come in chunks stay tuned
we need you guys to figure out what is
worth the money I don't
I don't understand but I hate love you
uh I don't know if that's a lot of money
or not this other one oh I see you guys
got the new or what is this mega Gaffey
I see you guys got the new DGA goggles
in did you guys try them out and how do
you like them ooh there's a video coming
on the malarious yeah so we won't we
can't really answer that question in
depth right now but it involves Dennis
wearing a like a camera on his face and
being blindfolded garfish says pixel to
yang rise up replace that battery dude
whoo fix up hip Rock On Dude
[Music]
I have a cough and fever then don't go
around people and wash your hands
um suspicious Mallard says hey from
Belfast from Bad fast I probably
shouldn't do an Irish accent right
that's that's not that's not that's not
cute hope home from darts but a huge fan
of the show by the way it's like 12 a.m.
cool nice dude her darts a big thing
over there I think that I saw like he
got home from darts maybe was doing at
the pub you know yeah look I'm Irish all
right I'm half Irish
I can I can say that can you give us an
update on shadow that was one of the
topics we were gonna talk about but but
you know we don't really have time now
but shadow basically add shadow the
streaming service well I think they're
talking about a different shadow what
shadow that the cat
Oh whoopsies well you know yeah we
weren't really gonna talk about that
because yeah - but Shadow the game
streaming service has a new tier $12 a
month and that will hopefully help but
compete with stadia and GeForce now and
stuff and apparently it's getting VR is
it yeah that seems like a really good
way to puke dude they also still have
like their $50 a month tier where you
can like rent a Titan X or something
online so that's pretty crazy doesn't
actually pretty fun please mention the
upcoming folding event Ben quickly yes
we did
what else we got Karate Kid 0/0 to build
a cheap AoE gaming PC for a video a OE
and Age of Empires what graphics card
would be good with a Z on X 3 3 3 0 cpu
great question
geez Louise I don't know man
ok wait are there more that came in yes
there are oh there's a minecraft server
Langley pressure washing of all people
MC Ltd GG Ltd minecraft server if you
play minecraft go play on the minecraft
server I guess Jake's been working
sheeps a lot working way too much I saw
a long time at work today I saw him
build a pit and then put a bunch of
chickens in it I don't know what his
plan was but it didn't seem very humane
play our minecraft server there's lots
of chickens it's awesome
I think that they were actually testing
like how many chickens you can get
because they were having problems with
their not being enough
Ross vlog says they for 2 pounds says
say thanks to all the SC in a Scottish
accent SC super chat thanks to all the
no it's not bad it's bad guys don't do
it do it that's not really something you
can say in a Scottish accent see thanks
thanks all your super chats that was bad
yeah I don't know what you would call it
I think that's about it yeah alright
thanks for watching guys thanks for
putting up with the people who aren't
line is in Luke and they'll be back next
week or one of them will be at the very
least hopefully we'll have to see all
right love you so much yep oh there's an
outro right subscribe
oh yes no it's the intro but again you
just hit the intro yeah you tell her
she's here boom alright love you so much
wait it does this again no oh we did it
wrong
yeah thanks for - love you
[Music]
we can
[Music]
oh and then I oh here we go wait does it
do it by itself
did you don't have to move all those
savage jerky love you wait do we do I do
the sponsors again now I don't think so
just just a stop okay we're going by
what do we got what are we going to talk
about today Alex yeah we've got the
pixel for a it's leaked a bunch big
surprise right there
huge big surprise also the European
Union is thinking about introducing a
right to repair legislation that they're
working on and that's exciting
also Honeywell they built the most
powerful computer or a quantum computer
did they I guess that they make quantum
computers did they achieve quantum
supremacy apparently yes we have no time
for jokes now we'll get to that later
for now is what the part of the show
when you do the intro I believe it is
yeah hit that intro ooh hey did I talk
during this point they normally do but
the viewers don't like it very much
Oh
[Music]
do that no it's not fresh books right
now well what do you have - you're
supposed to do this
Oh oh shoot you do this sorry okay
[Music]
so the designer which invalid
and then I do this
oh you do that oh you did it
boom honey and honey love those guys
and my personal suckers we get to eat
jerky savage jerky yeah yes and now back
to the good stuff
hello so the pixel for a oh yeah
so it's unsurprising that it's leaked
but I'm actually pretty excited about
what there is yeah so there's a couple
things here for one they're not doing
the stupid does the pixel 3 have the one
where it scans her face her that's just
before just before I have the pixel 3
and I was kind of upset because I was
excited when they announced the pixel 4
with the project soli sensors of course
you what I think we talked about this a
little bit when there was being an atom
I was like oh cool cuz I don't know if
you guys saw this but like when Google
first announced project soli it was like
this secretive kind of like research
project and they were like we can sense
little tiny movements oh you're gonna
make with your fingers you're gonna be
able to have a little doohickey and
you're gonna be able to kind of Dingle
your fingers on top of it and you're
gonna be able to like turn volume up and
like swipe things away and like
multitask all without touching your
phone yeah but the reason this was cool
Alex let me tell you yes okay the reason
this was so cool is because it had
applications for not just phones but
like you know laptops or maybe you had
like a little computing device and it
didn't even have a screen I don't know
and you're doing stuff with your hands
that sounded pretty cool to me but turns
out doesn't work great that's something
else so I'm totally fine if they have
that but also I just want the little
fingerprint reader this thing's so fast
like I am yeah boom
great and I have one of those too and
then they took it away cuz he's got a
pixel too
yeah I have a pixel 3 James has a pixel
4 and he's the he's probably the least
happy I'm just kidding don't quote me on
that all the pixel for it looks like
it's going to you know it's going to
have this fingerprint reader on the back
it also looks like it's going to have
let's go this is where we go to the
sources yes yeah you're looking at it
right now boom and you can still see us
which is also awesome because I don't
know I don't like Bluetooth earbuds I
don't
I like the big I like the cans I like
the big ones those are great I see what
you're saying but I don't like the
little earbuds like see I've used our
pods I've used the pixel buds it's not a
fan it's been really frustrating
watching the industry as a whole kind of
move towards removing headphone jacks
because emotionally you know it puts you
through the wringer cuz you're like the
first time they remove the headphone
jack you're like no I love it and then
you're kind of like alright then you go
to acceptance where you're like alright
there's it the jack is dead they're
taking it away and a car horn is honking
I know everybody's can you hear that
we're gonna get copyright infringer I'd
strike for having that's us that's a
sound you can get from a music library
somewhere anyways you go to acceptance
right because so you're like okay I'm
gonna I guess I'll buy good Bluetooth
earphones I guess I'll get into that and
that's the future and then they do the
stuff like this where they're like just
kidding we can put in a headphone jack
if we want it's not a necessary thing
yeah and you're just like ah what so now
I just don't don't like it well for me
it was like my big problem with wireless
earbuds is they just don't have enough
battery capacity like it's pretty good
but I do this thing constantly where
it's good enough that you don't have to
plug it in every single night hmm but
it's not good enough that you can go for
like a week like you can with the over
ear ones bro I'm just constantly in this
situation where like you just want to
throw in some earbuds and suddenly they
don't work yeah you're like jeez what so
like I had pixel buds and then instead I
stopped using them and I just bought
four pairs of like what are the ones
like the pixel headphones that you just
plug in here like the ones that come in
the box yeah I see they're like 20 30
bucks something like that I just bought
a bunch of them stuck them in every bag
that I own and I have been really happy
ever since then yeah I know that's what
I use I
use the ones that came with my phone but
they're just like they're not as good as
a headphone jack though even on the
pixel - they didn't have it no pixel one
had a headphone jack I think so it's so
funny because they did this that the
pixel 3a had a headphone jack as well
here I'll show you guys my screen I'm
looking at something very interest so
that's there was a huge there were tons
of photos leaked there was a huge
hands-on video as well leaked so we've
basically seen the phone in in all its
glory you can see there there's a what
do you call it
pull pull hunch hole-punch camera so
there is no the censor bar that was in
the pixel 4 is not there so we won't
have those same project soli gestures
anyways so nothing to get disappointed
about I guess yeah the only person in
the world look I'm sure other people
cared about this there's the fingerprint
sensor and we have the the rectangular
square shaped camera cutout as well
though I don't know if it has I'm pretty
sure it's just one lens so it's only
like that just to look cool and those
pictures are all courtesy of tech droid
err so thanks a lot yeah I don't know
and then the other important detail was
what am I looking at here $3.99 it's
gonna start at 399 apparently because
billboard mock-ups were discovered where
apparently Google's ready to to
advertise it already nothing there's no
mystery anymore
it's kind of sign it phones in anything
mostly every phone that comes out you
know and everything every phone that
comes out you know everything about it
before it launches it's like what's the
point you know well this kind of leads
nicely like overall though I'm pretty
stoked because it just might be my next
phone because it's just I think that the
price and the headphone jack and you
know it just being seeming generally
good this fingerprint reader awesome and
the battery on my pixel 2 is kind of
starting to die which nicely brings us
into our next one
earlier our next segment oh wow yeah
starting to die and you'd love to repair
it you
if only you could somehow have the right
to repair it
so yeah the EU is going to introduce
some sweeping right to repair
legislation that is probably going to be
awesome but we don't have a lot of
details so maybe it'll be bad a little
bit could be so basically manufacturers
of phones tablets laptops will face
legal obligations to make sure that
their products are easier to repair and
reuse the Commission will have
eco-design law to cover phone yeah all
of those things that have said is this
what you do and they voted
overwhelmingly aid to push the device
manufacturers to adopt shared charging
cables now okay I actually don't like
that one as much Oh what two shared
charging cable yeah why hello what do
you mean what's not that link I don't
see why you have to all have one cable
what is that supposed to mean that
doesn't make any sense of course you
want to have all one cable that's what
the USBC is for yeah true us pcs pretty
great oh so you're saying wait but are
you saying that like because I think
this was a real concern that if the U
does pass this you know legislation
saying all right we all need to have one
one charger for all mobile devices they
might not go with USB C they might go
with like oh that means we have to
create a new one that's like perfect I
was more concerned about that you can
have one cable and then since that's the
only standard you're not able to do
anything with it
what well like you know there's there's
some problems with it like I find USB
type-c particularly bad for dust like
lightning is better for that I find like
air yes sir
I've had to get the you know ya little
toothpick in there quite a few times and
have like a link ball like this big come
out so cuz you SPC has the extra little
yes thinking you do dad lightning is
just a hole and you stick it in yeah and
USBC is like it's not just a hole it's
like a hole with a doohickey in the
middle and like when I've used iPhones
I've never had problems with lightning
like crapping out well like I have
problems constantly were like I'm going
for a run and then my headphones I just
like comes down and you're over ride
dude no but like with the USB type-c
like my headphones they just become
disconnected
with lightning or USB type-c type-c Oh
lightning I've never had that issue for
you to switch to iPhone you yet get
traitor yeah except W on type C soon
maybe or it'll just not not next year
not this year the links the leaks don't
point to a USB see iPhone this year my
friend sorry to tell you anyway back to
the part that I'm excited about it okay
single-use items will be restricted
premature obsolescence will be tackled
and the destruction of unsold goods will
be banned which is I think it's awesome
like I am going to have to not use this
phone because the battery is going to
die and it's hard to repair it there's
just not really any way around it so I'm
going to buy probably a pixel for a
right oh really
maybe it's finally time you've been
rocking that thing for well we'll see
it's like one in three years
no it's pixel to like two and a half and
you're happy with it yeah I still like
it it's kind of it's really weird to
like work at a place like Linus meaty
group where everyone's like Oh buying
this new phone all the time and like you
know I'm just using this phone because
we have it like you're just still
rocking this pixel to like it
it doesn't own age over here like people
still complement older I'm on the photos
you even have a stone case yeah it's
peeling from all to use Stone Age anyway
anyway yeah we've seen a lot of
manufacturers already kind of embracing
the right to repair in ways that I think
are good so like Dell has been just kind
of leading the charge I think apples
also been excellent with just like their
packaging is all recyclable - some like
plastic bag if you're talking about
general environmental friendliness yeah
not necessarily right to repair and like
you can get into them pretty easily
my Christine - an iPhone no Dell you
said Apple I'm you said yeah I'm an
Apple - so I missed the MacBook
specifically oh you really yeah I've no
I haven't opened up in a MacBook it's
actually really hard but as long as you
haven't I fixed a kit it's fine okay I
guess that anyone whose shoe is opening
these things up should probably have
like
I fix it kid anyways or something yeah
another one is like Microsoft their
surface laptop three is awesome because
it's a surface laptop - but you can get
inside of it without like a heat gun
destroying the whole thing oh that's
pretty cool yeah it's just like Forks
kurz actually the screws are really hard
to get at we cut it out of we did the
short circuit and I took it apart and we
cut most of it out but there was like a
good like 12 15 minutes of me trying to
get these stupid rubber things out so I
could access the screws wait so it's
good or bad it's it's a lot better like
I didn't have to destroy it but I was
almost defeated by rubber nubbins again
the bane of my existence Dennis you have
something to say and so hopefully this
will just generally lead to a lot more
people repairing their phones instead of
getting new ones which kind of sucks if
you're Apple or basically anyone else so
there's his fun thing back in 2018 where
after
remember the whole scandal where they
were like they were throttling down
phones because the battery had less
capacity when it got old and people
write really mad yeah and they just had
to give out a ton of money for that no
they they had a bunch of batteries for
sale for $29 and you could like replace
it oh and they expected to sell a
million of them and they ended up doing
11 million battery replacements ended up
costing them a potential five to nine
billion dollars in losses and like
people not upgrading their phone oh boy
but that shows you like how much the
demand there is for just replacing
batteries and phones it's it's really
it's really a hard thing because you
know it's it's it's the clash between
companies like doing things that will
make them more money and consumers
wanting things that will save them money
yeah but it's like on the one hand you
know these are capitalistic ventures
like that's that's their prerogative to
like you know sell more phones or
whatever and that's fine I guess on the
other hand that's just not very
sustainable it's not and I think we're
getting to a point now in ours
we live in a society guys we're getting
to the point where I think I don't know
I think the we as the people are
starting to demand that these companies
take like environmental issues and yeah
but the funny thing about this is that
it's the perfect nexus of environmental
issues and like consumer friendliness in
terms of like okay look we don't want to
buy a new phone every three seconds that
also happens to be you know helpful for
the environment where we're not throwing
out our phones but also it's something
like so like companies are it's
incumbent upon them to to you know give
us what we want here and I think that
you this is what I was trying to say and
like somebody called me out cuz I think
I tweeted that or maybe I didn't tweet
or maybe I put it in tech liked that I'm
like oh the EU is actually like like uh
you know they've been they've been the
good guys this whole time then somebody
called me on said okay what about GDP
are like the whole privacy legislation
where you know basically you're you're
it restricts your freedom online to do
things creatively mmm but that's kind of
annoying from a creative standpoint but
it's also helpful to some creators cuz
it can it means that your stuff isn't
you know take you're not you're not
taking advantage of so but I think
overall I think the EU is really going
for a friendly to consumers type of
approach where they're like we're doing
these things to help you and I
appreciate it we might also have like an
awkward generation or two of phones
where it's like they try to figure out
how the heck to comply with being able
to upgrade your phone right right it's
like okay wait so we're gonna we're
gonna okay it's gonna be a unibody
there's no but there's no backplate that
you can take off to replace the battery
but you can take it into the store and
we'll give you a new one and we like
those funktastic ones from like China
that the screen goes all the way around
and like what are you going to do with
those anyway like I'm pretty excited
just because there's something like the
Samsung S 20 if I knew that I could like
fix the battery I might go out and buy
one it's like a thousand bucks but if
it's going to last me for you
it could be worth it but if it's like
the batteries going to die in two two
and a half years I don't want to spend a
thousand dollars on a phone
exactly exactly like Lana and why would
you when you can just buy a new phone
this this is what's so funny is that
like we're coming around like we had
this already we already had phones that
you could repair like completely repair
and put to put the battery back in and
then for some reason this is what I
don't understand guys okay this is what
I don't get I put a case on my phone as
soon as I get a new one as soon as I get
a phone case goes on it
can we stop caring can we decide as a
society to stop caring about what phones
look like so cuz like I don't want to
unibody I want it to be functional it's
a tool it's also a toy yeah but like you
know you know I want to put a case on it
so I can drop it and stuff so I guess
the one more thing is if you have to
take it apart are you sacrificing
waterproofness I really like the fact
that this is waterproof I can like
that's I don't know go on a hike and
toss it in my pocket and it rains it
doesn't matter but no I had water kill
one of my phones it didn't totally kill
it but it feels like the USB circuitry
so it basically killed it but how hard
is it to make a phone with like
removable panels that's also waterproof
like a few things waterproof is really
tough you're tough
I have you like I don't know how do you
experienced like any coffee mug ever
like the travel ones I have experience
they leak all over the place well if you
get a bad one
yeah even the good ones the good ones
sleep - just give them a little bit I
get my coffee mugs from Apple you should
say ltte stored up Ltd store.com wait we
have coffee mugs no these bottles you
know they'll keep your weight do we have
coffee mugs no we have is this an Ltd
store spot
no what the water is this the sponsors
right now no it's not no it's not but I
think we're working on mugs but continue
sorry and coffee mugs suck because they
always leak it's really hard to make
things water pay what about GoPros yeah
they have the big old case around dunno
but aren't they aren't
waterproof now they've always been
waterproof but that's because they have
no no no no I'm looking this up I'm
looking this up go oh you're like the
waterproof oh yeah like the GoPro itself
is also waterproof but you can't take it
apart the same way yeah the new ones are
the new ones are all waterproof without
the case the newer GoPro cameras are
waterproof without a housing while the
older units require a housing boom yeah
but I would be very curious easy as that
all right Samsung Samsung Apple you just
go talk to GoPro they know they're very
knowledgeable to ask about asking about
their drones are doing how are their
drones doing I mean I don't know how
their drones are doing now but a couple
years ago like Karma all their drones
like fell from the sky apocalyptic
scenario what else do we have for all
the people asking where line is in Lucar
they're not here really sorry this is
not a normal thing though so don't worry
they'll be back yeah moving on I think
it's time to move on a yes
what are we which one are we doing I
don't even know which one tickles you I
mean okay I want to talk about this
Washington improving facial recognition
a little bit okay because I've been
following this this this kind of ol like
regulation of facial recognition issue a
little bit and it's interesting because
this is another example of like
companies wanting to do something and
that clashing with you know the
interests of consumers in the same way
that the you know right to repair and
like environmental aspect yeah we were
just talking about facial recognition is
really cool it's a rapidly developing
technology but the problem is that a lot
of the algorithms that is based on end
up being biased so like there'll be a
lot better at recognizing a certain type
of person like like you know people of
certain races or whatever
mm-hm so it's biased in that way and
also a lot of it is still very
inaccurate but they're they're rolling
it out in places like in the UK they're
rolling it out in Lund in certain areas
of london i think i don't know if it's
across all of london mm-hmm but they're
rolling it out and it's got like an 80%
error
like it gives like two out of ten right
or something well there's this big
problem with recognizing faces where you
can easily train like an AI to recognize
a group of like let's say like ten
thousand people it's like pretty easy
you'll be able to get it right pretty
much every time what do you mean it can
recognize a group of like like like it
will be able to pick out an individual
to be like oh sure like a different
picture or like a video of someone and
will be like it's that person it mails
it okay but as you make the sample size
larger this is like like with a lot of
AI stuff you make the sample size larger
and it just eats up the days like with
facial recognition it's kind of the
opposite because you just get more faces
that look the same in there so as your
sample size goes up the accuracy can go
down right because the chance of you
getting a false positive increases yeah
well and that's the problem isn't it
yeah there's that really fun one in
London was it there was the big fair I
believe where there was a bunch of
people attending and they used AI to try
and pick out criminals and it had a
whole bunch of false positives and the
only correct one that it got was someone
that was already like the police found
him and got him oh so they were like oh
whoops we were just out here wasting our
time a little bit so so the development
that we're talking about the reason
we're talking about facial recognition
right now is because Washington State
has approved well okay it hasn't
actually been signed into law by the
governor yet but the House and the
Senate
oh geez I don't know how I forgot how
American government works but anyways
they got a bill basically to the point
where it's approved where there are
going to be strong regulations on how
it's used they are going to regulate how
which algorithms are used and how
they're developed and also if law
enforcement wants to use it they will
have to require a warrant to to use it
for like a specific thing they're not
going to be able to just kind of like
post cameras up everywhere and scan
everybody is
okay that's good which i think is like
you know maybe that's not the end goal
like I can understand how having facial
recognition you know out there in public
helps security or whatever yeah and like
maybe if we regulate it enough we can
get it to that point where okay it's a
hundred cent accurate or something and
like we know that there's gonna be knows
false positives and we know that it's
not gonna infringe on people's privacy I
don't know if that's possible
okay I'm not a facial scientist but I
think that this is an important step to
like take it slow you know okay we're
not super comfortable with exactly how
this is working yet so let's just let's
just be careful here all right let's
let's pass some legislation and let's
make sure that it's being developed in
the right way I don't know if we need
any other details about that yeah I
think that's basically it for that okay
anyways now you want to talk about
something or no you didn't I did yes Oh
what do you go honey well we got quantum
quantum in here this is mostly just
because it feels like it's just kind of
out of nowhere honey well apparently it
has quantum supremacy yeah what okay I
don't really know maybe this is maybe
this is like embarrassing but what does
Honeywell make like fridges yeah they
make like thermostats okay and this is
coming courtesy of RC mail mayil sorry I
don't know how to say your name on the
forum thanks for the contribution
anyways Honeywell yeah so basically how
it works is you know most quantum
computers they work using
superconducting qubits so I did like
three minutes googling this so I
apologize for brutalizing it for the
small number of people that are quantum
experts destroyed that are listening but
basically you know normally with a
quantum computer you have a very thin
ring of aluminum that is chilled until
it becomes a superconductor and then
like you know current you starts flowing
and then because it's a superconductor
and they're able to do stuff that
basically allows for the current to flow
in both directions at one time and I
think that there's an issue with that
because you're not able to read it well
you're like running the stuff
oh no yeah
so the one from Honeywell they instead
use ion traps so they have strontium or
something along those lines can I just
say that sounds like super sci-fi yeah
we have to get past the ion traps
continue and so then well well it's kind
of like traps dangling there by
electricity above like a gold film or
like a gold strip right they're able to
change it from a state of zero to one
and then they have a laser that reads
the atoms and so basically if it's in
state zero it does nothing but if in
state one it emits a photon and Boop the
both you find out what it's doing so the
fun thing about that is they're able to
create if loops if loops yes is that
like if this then that yeah I know about
that and so apparently that's great I I
could have told you that to build this
quantum computer Honeywell partner with
JP Morgan another one where it's like
like what I don't even know what JP
Morgan does but I know they're in the
finance industry somewhere and also
Microsoft oh that's a bank isn't it yes
these wine shows are horrible for me
everyone just finds out that I know
nothing about banks yeah it turns out
Honeywell does a lot of stuff in defense
and aerospace and has a lot of expertise
in vacuums and cryogenics which is how
they were able to do this Honeywell does
honey welcome man they have such an
innocuous name for like for being
involved in that kind of stuff like I
think of I you know I don't even have
much brand awareness of what Honeywell
is but like if I had to guess I'd be
like it
I see like a Honeywell toaster one time
yeah like turns out they're making
secret super soldiers and labs ok now
why but now why is this particular
configuration for a quantum computer why
is that a big deal why does that make
that more powerful than like a
traditional one I think that it's just
because it's easier to make a whole
bunch of them and run them in parallel
ok
and it's easier to like start and stop
it so will they will they achieve
quantum supremacy they they have a paper
I have it in the dock as paper by
Honeywell for super nerds oh and they
claim that they have quantum supremacy
but it hasn't been verified by other
people so they're like actually being
kind of they're actually kind of being a
bit humble about it instead of Google it
was just like we did it I don't know if
they would be humble the reports that I
have said we're like we'll wait for a
second
I'm on your screen now oh you are I can
show the people what did you what are
you looking at that I honestly don't
understand it I feel like okay there
might be a few people in the chat if
you're if you're a quantum scientist in
the chat let us know that you think that
we're talking nonsense but otherwise I
think most people here have no idea what
the heck yeah let's see what wisdom we
have here Tommy Gunn 9228 says don't
want to be rude but Reilly's mustache
makes him look like an 80s porn star but
I like that style that's see that's well
hi Alex
I accept it so uh JPMorgan site the AAP
Morgan Chase that what you said yeah
like chase the bank chase here's the
other thing guys we're Canadians so we
don't have I don't think we have chase
and maybe JP Morgan's involved in some
stuff up here but it's not like a
household name or maybe if you're on the
stock market
I don't know I should i with a credit
union okay Newton you're we got a
neuroscientist in the chat but that's
not gonna help us I mean maybe it will
maybe consciousness is based on quantum
mechanics did you ever think about that
or maybe they're building quantum
mechanics so it's more like based off of
consciousness I think it's kind of a
point yeah neuromorphic computing yeah
Dan dude if I mean if I if that's not
time for to talk about our sponsors that
I don't know what it is where am i what
am I on here it's time to talk about
what do you have more to say about the
quantum someone who says quantum
supremacy means that they can build an
AI that will
Nate the world right no I think it just
means it they built the best one I think
they just mean yeah no no no no no
quantum supremacy I know what this is do
we know what it is clearly not haha this
is something Riley knows about quantum
supremacy is the point at which a
quantum computer can do something better
than a traditional computer or something
okay some some along those lines okay
look somebody now somebody's gonna say
what the actual definition isn't the
Chan oh here we go
web is glue a measure 101 says in
quantum computing quantum supremacy is
the goal of demonstrating that a
programmable quantum device can solve a
problem that classical computers
practically cannot okay there we go cool
it's not that they do it better it's
that they do something that our
computers now can't even do at all
so Google said that they Google said
that they had achieved it but then turns
out that okay well they didn't our
computers could do what their computer
dead we would just take like a while oh
and someone in the chat asked like
normal quantum computing needs cooling
to be a superconductor does this need it
basically yes it's under a vacuum but
super duper cold right it's maybe
slightly easier to make but it's still
you know you're not making it in your
basement unless you're that one kid that
did what yeah there's like an 11 year
old that somebody made a quantum
computer heater in their basement well I
think it was like in his living room but
it was like pretty wild things yeah
sounds like something I have made life
okay anyway that's that's super cool if
you're the guy who made a quantum
computer in your basement
congratulations
I'm proud of you oh that's amazing
hey it's time to talk about our sponsors
real quick hey guess what guess what
Alex yeah what FreshBooks is a thing
yeah and we love them fresh Briggs is
the super simple to use invoicing tool
that does more than just help you create
slick looking invoices it also helps you
track your time with their timesheet
function manage your expenses keep track
of who owes you what and the mobile app
has all the functionality of their
desktop version as well you can do all
this on the
if you really want to Wow have you ever
made an invoice on the toilet now you
can you can do it with fresh books
mobile call their support staff and talk
to a real human as well it's not just
like you know digital fax and stuff like
that get fifty percent off your first
three months of fresh books when you
sign up for a paid plan at fresh books
calm /when if you're a freelance person
or a person who sends invoices for
things it's super useful I can imagine
so trust me I've actually seen like when
I was back in Nova Scotia I worked for a
guy that was like roofing things oh yeah
and like generally you know actually it
was like a pretty bad time because
there's a little bunch of old houses
there and then like you know you go and
try to repair one and it's full of ants
but anyway he was just using like an
Excel document was a horrible time you
have used it when I when I worked back
for NCIX I was a contractor for a little
bit and I was trying to make invoices
every time on the Excel and it's not
that hard but like it just takes time
yeah with the with the service you know
you can just make an invoice right away
next up honey honey is the free shopping
tool it finds the best promo codes
whenever you shop online at specific
sites now those of you who have
downloaded honey from our link saved
over a hundred thousand dollars in the
past few months Wow honey works on over
30,000 stores including Amazon eBay new
egg raiser Best Buy Walmart and I can
say from experience that there's more
yes you know approximately close to
30,000 more honey gets a small
commission from sites where honey saves
you money so it's free for you to get
for you guys to use you don't pay
anything it just gives you a discount
it's free to use and installs in just
two clicks
Colton Brandon and a few others here at
LMG have used honey to save money
shopping online they're smart people so
you can be smart too and get honey for
free right now at join honey calm slash
Linus it's it's just an extension you
just slap it on your browser and then
shopping is easier and cheaper and it's
delicious
yay like savage turkey speaking of
delicious Wow
I don't even get me some of that what
jerky yeah what do you got we have
having your level of sauce you never
have an arrow which ones the hottest I
have tried the spiciest one before yeah
and I can say that I tried it so I don't
need to try it now I'm gonna have a oh
no which one of these is I've tried the
spiciest one before what do we got here
we got I don't know which ones you sir
habanero buffalo sauce that's hot
sriracha teriyaki that's medium I'm
going right for the Mojo habanero oh
jeez I think this is one of the harder
one for sure yeah I guess I'm doing the
sriracha teriyaki savage jerky there
it's made with the best ingredients guys
there's no nitrates there's no
preservatives and their goal is to
create a snack that is full of flavor
and spice that isn't bad for you because
that's hard yeah you can create
something that's super tasty but sounds
a bit hot that one's definitely huh yeah
what do you want to do that kind of want
some more though what it's really tasty
what's wrong with you I mean what's
right with you can I also have some of
the other ones no Jesus I'm a little so
we got three flavors here because they
got 13 different flavors of jerky jerky
such as the ones that we just said and
Linus's favorite is maple buffalo bacon
apparently that one's actually really
tasty and they also make barbecue sauce
hot sauce and a spice rub for inter for
those intimate moments what drinking
their Carolina Reaper hot sauce is one
of the hottest peppers in the world and
you can use offer code ltte to save 10%
on all of their products you 10% off
some jerky and then you know have some
jerky go back to what you're doing why
not and also we don't supposed to say
this now to the Ltd folding thing or
that later what Oh which boys do that
right now anyway Ltd folding if you do
folding with your computer do you know
what folding is it's great it's the best
thing you use your computer spare
computing power and you fold proteins
while you simulate folding of proteins
and it it helps you know researchers do
research well right now there's a big
push you know there's that virus thing
that's happening that is really we can't
super talked about yeah openly cuz thank
you to monetize YouTube anyways but but
yeah there's a
push on there so if you have a GPU like
I'm gonna be going home I'm gonna be
setting up I have like two computers
that I don't use a whole lot I'm just
gonna set them to fold yeah do one thing
I would strongly right wow that oh boy
one thing that I would strongly
recommend if you're starting folding
make sure that your temps aren't
SuperDuper high you don't want to be
running like mmm your GPU at a hundred
degrees like for a super long amount of
time so just you know go in make sure
like with hard work where info that
you're not doing anything super duper
crazy and then you know you can go into
the folding at-home thing said it's like
only use 70% GPU and then maybe your
temps drop lunch and do it there
excellent time then you don't have it
for you but like you know it hurting
your hardware and it's just generally
awesome there's you know going towards
getting a vaccine is an awesome thing to
do these days and it's not free unless
you know your plan Lords pay for your
Tower but it's not that bad it's not
that bad at all is very worth it for it
you know the general good of humankind I
don't have the right link here what the
heck that's annoying are we able to post
it in the thing yeah we can post the
we're supposed to post the post this
link in chat now that goes to the PCMR
this one boom now it's on twitch now
it's on YouTube posting a bunch
it'll get lost in there I don't know how
to post on fluffly because I've never
looked at this before
but anyways yeah help it out help they
help the people out who are doing the
research on the posted a couple more
times one more time spam it spam it
there we go
perfect can't you get banned for that
can you get banned for spamming your own
chat I don't think so
I'll be pretty funny today
um okay very cool oh wait I can post it
in the plane right now
now that links see now now I feel bad
because that links to the PCM are you
know official PCM are folding thing
that's happening and maybe its
affiliated I actually didn't get a
chance to look at it very deeply but I
know that on the LTTE forum we're also
doing folding to help with I think if we
can say it right can we say the name the
thing that's bad you know everybody you
know the thing that's happening so it's
it's gonna do research for that
wait what's over here are you clicked on
that to know what oh yeah I just copied
it over okay so use your computer
moving on do you want to talk about the
Facebook thing uh kind of I don't know
do you have something to say about that
not particularly forget you guys that
don't know Facebook broke privacy laws
big surprise no nobody heard about that
one Kamboj analytic ah it was bad
Australia's saying that you know they
could be sued up to five hundred and
twenty nine billion dollars that would
be pretty bad which is also you know
pretty great because I guess the UK only
find them for five hundred thousand
pounds it's like nothing yeah exactly
good job Australia I guess for maybe but
they probably won't end up doing it so
uh who knows I saw this earlier and I
was kind of like okay maybe it's just
because I'm so you know oh here we go
I'll click through thanks slimey Python
for the post in the forum I I saw this
and maybe it's just because I'm I'm so
what do you call it desensitize yeah to
to Facebook being find and like doing
privacy violations like I say listen I'm
like all having like bad back doors yeah
and the crazy thing the crazy thing is
that it says the fine could scale up to
five hundred and twenty nine billion
dollars but in the article I'm not sure
if it's this article or another article
they said that basically they probably
won't have to do that
oh no Alex our SEO rankings are dropping
no anyways they said that they basically
they probably won't have to play this
fine because you know they haven't paid
they have been fined other times but
they have really good lawyers yeah so I
don't I don't know maybe I should care
more about these kind of things maybe or
maybe not it's also Australia suing them
yeah and it's just like do you use
Facebook anymore do I use Facebook in
Australia well but just like period do
you use Facebook anymore I don't I don't
really use it unless except for like
specific things to go on there and like
like MIT my marketplace yeah I use it
for market blow or you know to deal with
our ltte Facebook pages that we have in
marketplace fricking marketplace I was I
was supposed to get a mini-fridge
tonight but he just hasn't messaged me
back I'm kind of mad about it I said now
you're calling about on wedge right yeah
I have a platform and I'm gonna use it
to call on you username whatever you had
a plan for this weekend that involved
that mini-fridge now I cannot keep my
things chill yep I was going to try and
make dry-aged steaks and now I can't oh
man you're gonna have to have regular
steaks like you're getting chump yeah
yeah alright what else we got here
YouTube ditches the trending tab okay
you put this into the document I didn't
understand why honestly like I put it in
here because I thought that Linus would
go off oh yeah cuz if Linus was here he
would definitely have something to say
yeah you have something really like
really there what would you call that
the inflammatory something that most
people would not care about and really
probably shouldn't so what is this but
anyway you click on it and now instead
you get know there's like trending
gaming movies and shows learning oh you
weren't on there okay yeah
instead of hitting trending where it
just shows you like Jimmy Kimmel and who
we interviewed that day you know yeah I
guess van wives is being you know shown
off there's apparently going to be more
creator content on here it actually
looks like it is but it's pretty much
all CNN Navy
see MSNBC uh they're trying apparently
you also get these tabs for trending
gaming movies learning music news
fashion and beauty not yet right
but is this what you wrote apparently
more hubs will be added soon maybe yeah
so then we'll wait but that's just gonna
be annoying to have like a million tabs
along the bottom of the YouTube app well
it's only in the Explorer tab actually
if you look on exploring how it just
shows us in gaming so there you go
us and gaming no like it shows us that
like we're live oh wait we're live right
now Wow
yeah that's cool yeah that's really cool
it's it's good anytime that they try to
do stuff that doesn't only show old
people media right okay so that wait
yeah that's interesting that's something
I didn't really think about because
trending has like often gets basically
just taken over by you know NBC or
something yeah also us we take but
that's not us you know we don't do we
don't have any say in that we just end
up on trending because we're friggin
amazing
well and also just because Leigh was a
joke where we're friendly apparently so
we're just put on there all we're fine
we're pretty friendly I guess for
Canadians yeah I guess we're pretty
friendly and we're humble too
yes we're the most humble out of anyone
what else do we have
it's okay so no this has been about the
thing that we can't talk about on
YouTube yeah I know all right
I had that problem with tech like today
we're like we've you know we've been
reporting we've been talking about we've
been talking about the health thing
that's happening in the world a lot on
to actually I know something I want to
have a whinge here today all right so I
was on Dells website a whinge yes like
whining yes I want to whine okay at
everyone and call out basically every
single laptop and desktop man you
sure fix your websites come on oh I was
I was trying to find like what is just
like the best bang for the buck gaming
laptop recently and I was trying to just
do some research to find it like the one
that I picked was good and it was just
impossible let's go on to these websites
and they all suck you go into like Dells
website you have to click through like
oh yes is it for home is it for that
like no I just want to be able to be
like maybe like apples is pretty good
but that's just because they don't have
many products but so many of them is
just a huge maze to try and find the
product that you're looking okay like I
know I know every single product by
memory companies have and I can't find
them wait so what do you want just like
a big list I don't know maybe they just
need to do better though see
alphabetical list doesn't work for
people who like you know work at a tech
you know not own litter aliy know like
every product that is ever so some of
them are sorted by like what are you
trying to do and that's much better than
everything else but I think that the big
problem is just like it's focused on
like what is the lineup without telling
you what this line like Lenovo is it's
particularly bad let's see um no vote
tech news this week is that alex is an
old man yes I am mad at all of these
laptop manufacturers I'm going to try
what is their most recent gaming laptop
let's try and figure this one I want me
to show you can you go my screen smarter
technology for all I don't care I want
to find out what is gaming he's a blitz
he's upset everybody laptops right here
okay let's see what they got yeah what
do they have here explore by type so on
it's slow there's nothing about gaming
here and it doesn't all right alright
Alex calm down
so you're scaring the viewers gaming
laptops will click on this it would be
really nice like maybe if we could go by
type and price point like if you want to
look for their budget gaming laptop you
should be able to click on gaming and
then like I don't know consumer and then
premium
because I'll probably not say like
budget in it or whatever that's still
too many categories for me but instead
it's like which one of these do I want
oh you want the Y 450 450 450 what the Y
540 obviously Oh it's temporarily
unavailable I just saw the red thing and
I thought that said was like best deal
or something
looked like it it doesn't tell you what
the differences are between like any of
these well what do you mean one's got a
15.6 FHD display and another one this is
a 7.3 inch gaming laptop and then you
have to like go in and customize them
it's it's more difficult than it should
be anyway we should move on HP's also
bad Dells also bad Asus is bad Acer's
not great do you think this is gonna
have an impact on the industry none we
have complained about this so many times
this little rant right now yeah I mean
maybe maybe maybe this is the perfect
nexus maybe like all the Detailers are
watching us right now and they're like
oh no alex is the guy that reviews the
laptops no I think they go easy upset I
think they're going to be like well
we're not worse than everyone else
except for Apple and that's probably why
people just go in and buy an Apple like
HP I don't wanna buy a printer I'm
looking for a laptop right now laptops
gaming makes like shut up
keep it moving I'm trying nigga we're
doing our best ok Linus and Luke are
here HP we hit a 404 and that's where
the train stops what are you saying Nick
[Music]
isn't it it's a new store it's a new
story oh thing it's great it's not
terrible people are gonna get mad at us
you know so find one thing by scrolling
past all of the other ones
oh damn you don't have to open it up and
then see Linus posing in his underwear I
haven't even seen this yet this is it
whoa actually pretty sick yeah the drive
is hard but the shirt is so-so don't
download it wear it
Oh cuz it's RAM downloading more ram
right yes I like it I like that joke yes
it made me chuckle and free stickers
nice hey this looks great I was waiting
I was waiting for the site to not look
like a mobile site hey can you buy the
hat that I'm wearing right now yes yeah
there it is can you buy the shirt I'm
wearing right now don't reveal the
audience what you okay anyways shipping
delays yeah shipping I mean putting
anywhere anywhere else in the world
right now is a little tough yeah moving
things from one area of the world to the
other yep but we'll get there but LTTE
but the dirt but the shirt is not
[Laughter]
alright are very soft okay we have we
have another we have another thing to
talk about
oh they're stopping sales at can I get
one of those which one is that okay cool
that's intuitive this one okay see you
Nick get away and show shirt everybody
or don't that's your prerogative but do
it and that's the final word on that
okay one more thing to talk about oh
wait have we covered that too new AMD
specific web browser exploitable things
are bad yeah I know we haven't but like
Jake headed in is the title topic he did
he did good have to give it I love that
Jake as the last one just as an insult
as the last one
I guess alright
so the main thing okay we can read
through it let's read through it so this
week security researchers from the grads
University of Technology and the
University of Rennes has publicly
released a paper disclosing two new
attack methods designed not for Intel
processors because Intel processors have
had vulnerabilities up the ying-yang
these days it's crazy these are for AMD
processors starting front with
processors released in 2011 and going up
to now which includes Xen processors and
Xen 2 processors that's rising so these
new exploits is target AMD's l1d cache
way predictor I said that wrong l1d
cache way predictor first introduced
with the bulldozer architecture the
features used an unknown hashing
algorithm along with a prediction table
to tell which cache a certain memory
address is located and rather than
having to access every cache way so
here's the thing I can read through this
whole thing but I'm not gonna fully
understand what it means does that mean
anything to you not really no ok maybe
if Luke was here he'd be able to
understand what that means yeah they're
able to break the ASLR address space
layout randomization the basic the
takeaway from this kind of thing is that
AMD has been resurgent in in recent
years yeah right and you know Intel's
processors have just made less and less
sense as AMD makes these like bawlin
Rison processors that are excellent at
not only multi-threading but they're
also starting to catch up in single core
performance now as well and it just
hasn't been you know Intel's had a hard
time catching up to that but now on top
of that they've also had all these both
families come out you know meltdown
specter all of those what was the other
one there was a there was a whole group
of them yeah it's hard to keep track of
them all exactly and there was just
another one last week that lvi which
basically reverses it like they mitigate
it a lot of those patches with
performance hits they patched the
vulnerability but it came comes with a
performance head and
oh wait was that last week knows this
week that just came out on like Tuesday
or something was it load value injection
lvi yeah because I reported it on in
tech leaked and that kind of reversed
the way that the speculative execution
attacks happened and so it was like god
geez but finally this week we got a
vulnerability that also targets AMD so
it's like it was it was getting a little
scary and and this this vulnerability
that AMD is is vulnerable to will also
require a patch that will affect
performance so it remains to be seen how
much it will perfect-perfect
affect performance but we'll have to see
I just think it's you know it had the
scales had to balance out a little bit
here yeah you know this is uh what what
is there anything else important in here
that we can actually talk about not
really she was moving a super chat let's
move on to super chat yeah cuz we
started on time right yeah we did there
are a bunch of people actually
complaining they were like what it's on
time I'm late
have they been starting at like 5:30
pretty much yeah we're sorry guys
although it's not it's not our fault
yeah we're normally not involved well
with sometimes we put the stories in
there well sometimes it's our fault yeah
oh because we keep him keep them from
all the blog that you know okay super
how do you do that I actually don't know
there's only one right now there were
definitely more fiora cos gave us 30
bucks
wow thanks use this for coffee and
what-have-you for Riley David and James
from the next carpool critics yeah yeah
there's a shout-out also John
Carpenter's The Thing Fargo and Naked
Lunch oh haha Cheers
hey thanks the cheers to you too at Theo
Rica Theory kheh I will we'll use that
for coffee carpel critics that's been
fun podcasts we're doing--we're and we
were probably gonna do more podcasts
this is a podcast technically yeah
technically but I get really happy
that'll be confusing to people who are
listening to it like on their podcast
after like yeah but if you don't know
I'm sure you know but like
we've said it many times carpool critics
is a movie podcast me James David hosts
it it's available wherever you get your
podcast subscribe on YouTube also and
we're on flow plan and you buy what
Mabel do podcasts with you sometime sure
either you coming on but you don't you
don't really care about movies but maybe
you'll come on anyways just to be the
devil's advocate maybe we can just
review like the latest tech ingredients
video tech ingredients youtuber yeah
just sharing like oh he used indium Wow
whoa I never used it to cool a laser I
never thought I'd see the day where tech
ingredients uses India how do we look at
the other super chat well I thought okay
there must be a way am I getting get in
trouble for not seeing the rest of them
cuz I saw a bunch of oh do I just scroll
up no there's no way that you have to
scroll up well yeah no I think you do
okay that's how you do it I scroll up Oh
God
I scroll I I move away from their mic to
breathe that LTTE panties when Akihiko
says ltte panties win for two dollars no
clue
although well I guess maybe they are in
the running cos like line is made one
for a Vaughn that one time
yeah those like a custom one-off that
was custom I mean we probably we're
being sexist by not having them we might
as well make them the pair at some point
I already read that one oh that's there
that's Oh what one just came in oh hey
Brian ken ken Ali
Riley come on come on like come on wake
up smell the maple nut crunch attached
to my resume wait what I'm confused
we saw your activity there where um if
you go those right to this dream
settings you can go to view your
activity yeah you were activity oh oh we
did it
okay here we go okay we found it we
found this super tough guy okay thank
goodness alright we also got Jordan
Jordan Bend Roth who if for two dollars
said Riley I like your hat and your
sweet beard thank you the beard is going
away the Hat
is available on LTG store comm we
already we're such Hills man it's crazy
Jeremy young you missed a key go super
Chad no I didn't and we just said that
but thank you for the call out Matt
Eldridge says first ever super chat just
for Riley Alex Wow we made it
thanks Matt Sergio Arroyo says you guys
are my faves need more screen on time
well that's not fair to Lake Luca -
though I don't wanna
yeah thanks their moment there's this
when they get to talk manal Sinha for 25
bucks as Riley tech latest flippin
awesome love all your content dude alex
is 200 Alex would you take that vaio
laptop with all the imports you unboxed
on short circuit if it had the surface
slash Dell trackpad that's a good that's
a good question although not know cuz I
didn't watch that so it doesn't have a
16 by 10 display or a 3 by 10 or 3 by 2
display but the ports Alex it also
doesn't have a touchscreen it also is
floppy it's a real floppy one let me
tell let me tell you I'll use a laptop
and I'll be like this is pretty cool you
know this is like a was like a work of
somebody worked hard on this and you'll
be like the arrow key is weird doesn't
have touchscreen you know I'm Alex yeah
oh it's cool because it doesn't have
Intel it's an ARM processor it's really
overpriced ok but when I say that I
don't mean that like I want to use it as
my personal laptop I just mean that I
want to play around with it cuz it's
kind of interesting yeah yeah I just
like that's stupid you're always on
about the Google not touching thing ARM
processors yeah well it's the future
maybe I don't know man Eldridge Eldridge
says for 2 pounds first ever super oh no
I already did that one dang it Daniel
Marin says you guys are so Canadian it's
awesome that is all love you Daniel do I
have to go through all these to do all
of it um I want to go for the the larger
numbers oh me more 150 whatever the heck
those were well this is a hundred rupees
I don't know what that is a Canadian
this is gonna come in chunks stay tuned
we need you guys to figure out what is
worth the money I don't
I don't understand but I hate love you
uh I don't know if that's a lot of money
or not this other one oh I see you guys
got the new or what is this mega Gaffey
I see you guys got the new DGA goggles
in did you guys try them out and how do
you like them ooh there's a video coming
on the malarious yeah so we won't we
can't really answer that question in
depth right now but it involves Dennis
wearing a like a camera on his face and
being blindfolded garfish says pixel to
yang rise up replace that battery dude
whoo fix up hip Rock On Dude
[Music]
I have a cough and fever then don't go
around people and wash your hands
um suspicious Mallard says hey from
Belfast from Bad fast I probably
shouldn't do an Irish accent right
that's that's not that's not that's not
cute hope home from darts but a huge fan
of the show by the way it's like 12 a.m.
cool nice dude her darts a big thing
over there I think that I saw like he
got home from darts maybe was doing at
the pub you know yeah look I'm Irish all
right I'm half Irish
I can I can say that can you give us an
update on shadow that was one of the
topics we were gonna talk about but but
you know we don't really have time now
but shadow basically add shadow the
streaming service well I think they're
talking about a different shadow what
shadow that the cat
Oh whoopsies well you know yeah we
weren't really gonna talk about that
because yeah - but Shadow the game
streaming service has a new tier $12 a
month and that will hopefully help but
compete with stadia and GeForce now and
stuff and apparently it's getting VR is
it yeah that seems like a really good
way to puke dude they also still have
like their $50 a month tier where you
can like rent a Titan X or something
online so that's pretty crazy doesn't
actually pretty fun please mention the
upcoming folding event Ben quickly yes
we did
what else we got Karate Kid 0/0 to build
a cheap AoE gaming PC for a video a OE
and Age of Empires what graphics card
would be good with a Z on X 3 3 3 0 cpu
great question
geez Louise I don't know man
ok wait are there more that came in yes
there are oh there's a minecraft server
Langley pressure washing of all people
MC Ltd GG Ltd minecraft server if you
play minecraft go play on the minecraft
server I guess Jake's been working
sheeps a lot working way too much I saw
a long time at work today I saw him
build a pit and then put a bunch of
chickens in it I don't know what his
plan was but it didn't seem very humane
play our minecraft server there's lots
of chickens it's awesome
I think that they were actually testing
like how many chickens you can get
because they were having problems with
their not being enough
Ross vlog says they for 2 pounds says
say thanks to all the SC in a Scottish
accent SC super chat thanks to all the
no it's not bad it's bad guys don't do
it do it that's not really something you
can say in a Scottish accent see thanks
thanks all your super chats that was bad
yeah I don't know what you would call it
I think that's about it yeah alright
thanks for watching guys thanks for
putting up with the people who aren't
line is in Luke and they'll be back next
week or one of them will be at the very
least hopefully we'll have to see all
right love you so much yep oh there's an
outro right subscribe
oh yes no it's the intro but again you
just hit the intro yeah you tell her
she's here boom alright love you so much
wait it does this again no oh we did it
wrong
yeah thanks for - love you
[Music]
we can
[Music]
oh and then I oh here we go wait does it
do it by itself
did you don't have to move all those
savage jerky love you wait do we do I do
the sponsors again now I don't think so
just just a stop okay we're going by
avoided those $20.00 SSDs until now meet
the fad heed of racing 120 gig SSD we
purchased this sucker for 20 bucks so
who's the sucker this sucker or this
sucker we're gonna find out after this
message from our sponsor ruggable with
ruggable you can protect your floors
from your computer chair they're machine
washable and they'll stay in place with
a non-slip pad use code LTT 15 to get
15% off your order and free shipping at
the link below
[Music]
I know it shouldn't matter but whenever
I see really terrible branding like to
the point where you'd have had to be a
child or an idiot to think that it makes
any sense
it really does decrease my confidence in
the finished product you know why is
there an overweight bird on the blocks
for this package what is it about this
that screams racing I don't know you
don't know nobody knows we're all just
guessing so let's talk through the specs
here this is a two and a half inch drive
with a an apparent 128 megabytes of DRAM
cache this is from the Amazon listing
the verbage though is lifted straight
from the Wikipedia entry for other
solid-state drives so it says DRAM based
and cash on buffer but the thing is the
only other SSDs that we've seen at this
price point are DRAM --less used or
renewed and as far as I can tell this
thing is totally brand new in box so we
also have this that came in the package
Oh service policy thank you for purchase
of our items we're so glad that you
selected us in our products yeah for a
five-year limited warranty
love you Dave you got a SATA cable that
is actually a pretty good bonus most
drives don't include a SATA cable
anymore so we need our data and our
power and is this just gonna boot right
up for me Anthony uh if you press the
power button yeah well yeah minor
details you don't need to debate it is
this just a sticker sure is so if the
stickers on it yet plus three years of
warranty I don't know sudden power off
recovery that to me indicates that it
would have a capacitor on it like like
an enterprise SSD that's what it sounds
like you can't possibly have that also I
love this sentence right here thank you
for selecting us good luck so first test
is what just initializing it yeah we
need to initialize it new simple volume
well the capacity is as advertised now
there's some more problems here this
says serial ata revision 2
point-six but it also says it's SATA 6
gigabits per second and it said that on
the drive as well yeah so apparently it
doesn't even support trim and is SATA 2
according well depending on which spec
you believe well we'll know soon enough
because crystal disk mark will tell us
exactly what kind of sequential speeds
we can expect from this thing you know
in some ways this like Rando cheap
hardware is far more interesting than
the stuff from manufacturers that are
reputable enough that you can trust what
they say yeah ok never know you're gonna
get look at that
so it's say 2 3 6 gigabit per second
even though there's information right on
the box that would indicate that it's
not what they put a dev on their
packaging so how can we rely on them to
know exactly what's in the box if they
clearly had no idea what they were doing
on the outside of it out of the gate I'm
actually kind of impressed
I mean saturating the SATA 3 6 gig per
second interface has not been a feat for
years and years at this point but the
thing is this is only a 120 gig SSD so
what's weird about that is that you know
how higher capacities of a given SSD
tend to be rated for more performance
the reason for that is that to get those
higher capacities in some cases they'll
put more NAND flash chips onto the PCB
which means that you get to take
advantage of more parallelization as
you're writing to the flash and reading
from it boosting your performance well
it's been years since 120 gig SSDs have
made any sense to make because the
capacities of the individual NAND flash
chips have become so high that in order
to even build a 120 gig SSD you'd only
need like one chip on there and the
performance would absolutely suck unless
it's fine
okay so the Enigma deepens then what did
you have in mind for us next Anthony uh
well we could do the file copy test but
I did create some tests specifically for
this in Linux okay so I should restart
yep all right
so okay hit me pop open two terminals
and we'll run some scripts that I made
su do dot slash disk test alright so
that women that is the wanderin let me
guess SD yeah it does a security race
first and now it's doing continuous
looping of one gigabyte right and then
one gigabyte read okay and then it tells
us what the latency is after a thousand
writes of average well I took a lot
longer already well it's going up oh boy
we went from two point three seconds to
seven seconds already the reads are
still pretty consistent but the writes
have skyrocketed oh this is TLC okay
that's fair alright so the other one do
sudo file copy ah what I swear to god
the way that whatsapp sends you in
constant notifications that you're
logged out - P space mount and hit enter
that all looks correct and that'll show
us then over here what our sequential
read and writes look like and as well as
especially the right latency got it so
that'll tell us how effective that D Ram
cache is as well as how effective the
amande is at being erased this is
interesting so the read test is still
taking about the same amount of time it
was at the start but we're getting
spikes in the right test where it's
jumping up to over 15 seconds we just
finished our first run of the sequential
file copy test and it's getting warm now
and this is interesting the read test is
no longer finishing consistently in just
two seconds it's actually drawn almost
level with the right test which has gone
down the right latency though has gone
up pretty significantly
quintuple or as much as 8x it's all over
the place okay does it have a tear I'm
cat no don't tell me we'll find out
after so now one well now we can graph
those results but we could also throw on
one of our beer amla's SSDs oh let's see
that that makes a difference
okay so reboot yeah we do want to look
at that output first yeah you want to
look at the output first
thank you did you really build that into
this benchmark I built many things into
the benchmark that you have not seen yet
that moment when your program is like 90
percent easter eggs 10 percent copying
files back and forth what how do i shut
it down
same way you just gonna leave leave why
is it called leave I mean that's almost
as stupid as windows being start to turn
it off so just the same commands again
same commands again so we'll start with
the a data drive that is I want to say
similar and then I can start this one
yeah okay let's see what happens now
this product page is just gonna be lies
right do you want to look at it we've
got some time I'm pretty sure most of
this has lifted either from Wikipedia or
with like reviews or other unrelated
SSDs single-level cell cache technology
I don't think so
oh definitely not SLC hasn't been around
even in the enterprise for many years
there's even conflicting information
here it takes 10 seconds from the start
to the desktop fatty dub to 40 gig
solid-state drive starts up in about 15
seconds they're this far away from each
other optical storage read speed what
what are you even talking about do we
have a result here no not just yet but
I'm pretty sure this is a dear unless
SSD wait it actually might not be this a
data is doing even worse
wait no better in latency for the most
part but the actual test completion
times are much worse that actually would
make some sense if the fatty dub only
has a couple of chips in it thankfully
fatty dove is more resistant to shock
and vibrations can fly but like not
quite fly it just sort of like fall
slowly you know like it's just like a
chicken yeah yeah chickens can do that
have you ever thrown a chicken no fun
fact I actually had a pet chicken when I
was a kid me too
the chicken was the one that all the
other chickens picked on yeah so we took
the chicken away and we raised it and it
nice and big and then one day we had to
give it back for reasons did your
parents make you eat it though no it was
because that's what happened with my pet
goat Oh run three finished Wow
250 seconds by the last run here this
one got absolutely creamed alright then
okay point two fatty dove I guess
control Oh
I mean four throughput yeah beating the
worst is not exactly an achievement so
round two this one right here should I
just start ripping this thing open do
you want to avoid that warranty oh yeah
open wow that's sticker stop you're done
oh and it's been you bet your fatty dove
yeah Wow
that is that is not a lot of PCB tell me
something Anthony are you finding this
up for the first time or did you have
one of these open already I did not have
one of these open already I should have
gotten one and opened one but this is
actually very fascinating to me right
now now I have seen SSDs that have taken
a similar approach with a full size two
and a half inch enclosure and I've
actually seen ones that are like as
small as just right here okay so based
on looking at the back of the PCB I'd
say that's our controller right there
and I'm guessing no D Ram cache cuz it
looks like there's just one chip right
there oh it does have a D Ram cache it's
right here no way so that seems to be a
silicon motion controller we're gonna
have to check this Samsung part number
to find out if the 128 Meg cache is
correct and then as we discussed there
is in fact only a single NAND flash chip
on this PCB but based on how far flash
has come in the last few years I guess
you can get adequate enough performance
for a SATA SSD out of just a single chip
which I guess kind of makes sense
because you know max capacity and vme
drive is only gonna have four chips on
it with a lot of the high performance
ones having just two so SATA is like
fracks
that speed wow I'm impressed okay let's
find out how much cash it actually has
them oh this benchmark is done and the
micron SSD is definitely better but not
necessarily because it has a D Ram cache
probably just because it's got better
engineered firmware in a better
controller okay I want to I want to
check these part numbers now I think
that's the name B Ram chip ddr3 sdram
one gigabit okay so 128 Meg's
surprisingly then as broken as the
packaging and product page were the main
controversial element of this thing
whether or not it had a dram cache ended
up being true although with that said
the power loss protection did not end up
being present there's no bank of
capacitors here that looks anything like
that so that that is clearly not
accurate why why would they say that is
it to do with the fact that compared to
our hard drive you don't worry about if
you lose power the head parking oh or it
could be that they mean that compared to
something like just a dram drive the
data is held persistently right right
maybe it's like volatile yeah non
non-volatile storage I don't know I
don't know what they're going after
there but for 20 bucks yeah can't can't
speak to that but hey five-year warranty
right it's making five year warranties
I've got a five year warranty on this
Segway which is why I keep using it our
video is brought to you by PIAA adding a
VPN to your connection masks your IP and
encrypts the traffic to and from your
devices private internet access has
reliable service with over 3000 servers
in 32 countries they've got no bandwidth
caps so whatever it is you're trying to
keep your internet service provider from
snooping on hey they have got you
covered there you can download and
upload as much as you want they've got
configurable encryption and an internet
kill switch which means that as soon as
your VPN disconnects all traffic stops
so that nothing will sneak out you can
check it out today at the link in the
video description we're gonna have an
affiliate URL right down there so thanks
for watching guys if you enjoyed this
little adventure in exploring weird
cheap
we're off of Aliexpress then maybe check
out our Oh our Show and Tell where
everyone bought the weirdest hardware
they could possibly find and then seed
who had seats off who had whatever it
was weird go check it out
thank bluff
avoided those $20.00 SSDs until now meet
the fad heed of racing 120 gig SSD we
purchased this sucker for 20 bucks so
who's the sucker this sucker or this
sucker we're gonna find out after this
message from our sponsor ruggable with
ruggable you can protect your floors
from your computer chair they're machine
washable and they'll stay in place with
a non-slip pad use code LTT 15 to get
15% off your order and free shipping at
the link below
[Music]
I know it shouldn't matter but whenever
I see really terrible branding like to
the point where you'd have had to be a
child or an idiot to think that it makes
any sense
it really does decrease my confidence in
the finished product you know why is
there an overweight bird on the blocks
for this package what is it about this
that screams racing I don't know you
don't know nobody knows we're all just
guessing so let's talk through the specs
here this is a two and a half inch drive
with a an apparent 128 megabytes of DRAM
cache this is from the Amazon listing
the verbage though is lifted straight
from the Wikipedia entry for other
solid-state drives so it says DRAM based
and cash on buffer but the thing is the
only other SSDs that we've seen at this
price point are DRAM --less used or
renewed and as far as I can tell this
thing is totally brand new in box so we
also have this that came in the package
Oh service policy thank you for purchase
of our items we're so glad that you
selected us in our products yeah for a
five-year limited warranty
love you Dave you got a SATA cable that
is actually a pretty good bonus most
drives don't include a SATA cable
anymore so we need our data and our
power and is this just gonna boot right
up for me Anthony uh if you press the
power button yeah well yeah minor
details you don't need to debate it is
this just a sticker sure is so if the
stickers on it yet plus three years of
warranty I don't know sudden power off
recovery that to me indicates that it
would have a capacitor on it like like
an enterprise SSD that's what it sounds
like you can't possibly have that also I
love this sentence right here thank you
for selecting us good luck so first test
is what just initializing it yeah we
need to initialize it new simple volume
well the capacity is as advertised now
there's some more problems here this
says serial ata revision 2
point-six but it also says it's SATA 6
gigabits per second and it said that on
the drive as well yeah so apparently it
doesn't even support trim and is SATA 2
according well depending on which spec
you believe well we'll know soon enough
because crystal disk mark will tell us
exactly what kind of sequential speeds
we can expect from this thing you know
in some ways this like Rando cheap
hardware is far more interesting than
the stuff from manufacturers that are
reputable enough that you can trust what
they say yeah ok never know you're gonna
get look at that
so it's say 2 3 6 gigabit per second
even though there's information right on
the box that would indicate that it's
not what they put a dev on their
packaging so how can we rely on them to
know exactly what's in the box if they
clearly had no idea what they were doing
on the outside of it out of the gate I'm
actually kind of impressed
I mean saturating the SATA 3 6 gig per
second interface has not been a feat for
years and years at this point but the
thing is this is only a 120 gig SSD so
what's weird about that is that you know
how higher capacities of a given SSD
tend to be rated for more performance
the reason for that is that to get those
higher capacities in some cases they'll
put more NAND flash chips onto the PCB
which means that you get to take
advantage of more parallelization as
you're writing to the flash and reading
from it boosting your performance well
it's been years since 120 gig SSDs have
made any sense to make because the
capacities of the individual NAND flash
chips have become so high that in order
to even build a 120 gig SSD you'd only
need like one chip on there and the
performance would absolutely suck unless
it's fine
okay so the Enigma deepens then what did
you have in mind for us next Anthony uh
well we could do the file copy test but
I did create some tests specifically for
this in Linux okay so I should restart
yep all right
so okay hit me pop open two terminals
and we'll run some scripts that I made
su do dot slash disk test alright so
that women that is the wanderin let me
guess SD yeah it does a security race
first and now it's doing continuous
looping of one gigabyte right and then
one gigabyte read okay and then it tells
us what the latency is after a thousand
writes of average well I took a lot
longer already well it's going up oh boy
we went from two point three seconds to
seven seconds already the reads are
still pretty consistent but the writes
have skyrocketed oh this is TLC okay
that's fair alright so the other one do
sudo file copy ah what I swear to god
the way that whatsapp sends you in
constant notifications that you're
logged out - P space mount and hit enter
that all looks correct and that'll show
us then over here what our sequential
read and writes look like and as well as
especially the right latency got it so
that'll tell us how effective that D Ram
cache is as well as how effective the
amande is at being erased this is
interesting so the read test is still
taking about the same amount of time it
was at the start but we're getting
spikes in the right test where it's
jumping up to over 15 seconds we just
finished our first run of the sequential
file copy test and it's getting warm now
and this is interesting the read test is
no longer finishing consistently in just
two seconds it's actually drawn almost
level with the right test which has gone
down the right latency though has gone
up pretty significantly
quintuple or as much as 8x it's all over
the place okay does it have a tear I'm
cat no don't tell me we'll find out
after so now one well now we can graph
those results but we could also throw on
one of our beer amla's SSDs oh let's see
that that makes a difference
okay so reboot yeah we do want to look
at that output first yeah you want to
look at the output first
thank you did you really build that into
this benchmark I built many things into
the benchmark that you have not seen yet
that moment when your program is like 90
percent easter eggs 10 percent copying
files back and forth what how do i shut
it down
same way you just gonna leave leave why
is it called leave I mean that's almost
as stupid as windows being start to turn
it off so just the same commands again
same commands again so we'll start with
the a data drive that is I want to say
similar and then I can start this one
yeah okay let's see what happens now
this product page is just gonna be lies
right do you want to look at it we've
got some time I'm pretty sure most of
this has lifted either from Wikipedia or
with like reviews or other unrelated
SSDs single-level cell cache technology
I don't think so
oh definitely not SLC hasn't been around
even in the enterprise for many years
there's even conflicting information
here it takes 10 seconds from the start
to the desktop fatty dub to 40 gig
solid-state drive starts up in about 15
seconds they're this far away from each
other optical storage read speed what
what are you even talking about do we
have a result here no not just yet but
I'm pretty sure this is a dear unless
SSD wait it actually might not be this a
data is doing even worse
wait no better in latency for the most
part but the actual test completion
times are much worse that actually would
make some sense if the fatty dub only
has a couple of chips in it thankfully
fatty dove is more resistant to shock
and vibrations can fly but like not
quite fly it just sort of like fall
slowly you know like it's just like a
chicken yeah yeah chickens can do that
have you ever thrown a chicken no fun
fact I actually had a pet chicken when I
was a kid me too
the chicken was the one that all the
other chickens picked on yeah so we took
the chicken away and we raised it and it
nice and big and then one day we had to
give it back for reasons did your
parents make you eat it though no it was
because that's what happened with my pet
goat Oh run three finished Wow
250 seconds by the last run here this
one got absolutely creamed alright then
okay point two fatty dove I guess
control Oh
I mean four throughput yeah beating the
worst is not exactly an achievement so
round two this one right here should I
just start ripping this thing open do
you want to avoid that warranty oh yeah
open wow that's sticker stop you're done
oh and it's been you bet your fatty dove
yeah Wow
that is that is not a lot of PCB tell me
something Anthony are you finding this
up for the first time or did you have
one of these open already I did not have
one of these open already I should have
gotten one and opened one but this is
actually very fascinating to me right
now now I have seen SSDs that have taken
a similar approach with a full size two
and a half inch enclosure and I've
actually seen ones that are like as
small as just right here okay so based
on looking at the back of the PCB I'd
say that's our controller right there
and I'm guessing no D Ram cache cuz it
looks like there's just one chip right
there oh it does have a D Ram cache it's
right here no way so that seems to be a
silicon motion controller we're gonna
have to check this Samsung part number
to find out if the 128 Meg cache is
correct and then as we discussed there
is in fact only a single NAND flash chip
on this PCB but based on how far flash
has come in the last few years I guess
you can get adequate enough performance
for a SATA SSD out of just a single chip
which I guess kind of makes sense
because you know max capacity and vme
drive is only gonna have four chips on
it with a lot of the high performance
ones having just two so SATA is like
fracks
that speed wow I'm impressed okay let's
find out how much cash it actually has
them oh this benchmark is done and the
micron SSD is definitely better but not
necessarily because it has a D Ram cache
probably just because it's got better
engineered firmware in a better
controller okay I want to I want to
check these part numbers now I think
that's the name B Ram chip ddr3 sdram
one gigabit okay so 128 Meg's
surprisingly then as broken as the
packaging and product page were the main
controversial element of this thing
whether or not it had a dram cache ended
up being true although with that said
the power loss protection did not end up
being present there's no bank of
capacitors here that looks anything like
that so that that is clearly not
accurate why why would they say that is
it to do with the fact that compared to
our hard drive you don't worry about if
you lose power the head parking oh or it
could be that they mean that compared to
something like just a dram drive the
data is held persistently right right
maybe it's like volatile yeah non
non-volatile storage I don't know I
don't know what they're going after
there but for 20 bucks yeah can't can't
speak to that but hey five-year warranty
right it's making five year warranties
I've got a five year warranty on this
Segway which is why I keep using it our
video is brought to you by PIAA adding a
VPN to your connection masks your IP and
encrypts the traffic to and from your
devices private internet access has
reliable service with over 3000 servers
in 32 countries they've got no bandwidth
caps so whatever it is you're trying to
keep your internet service provider from
snooping on hey they have got you
covered there you can download and
upload as much as you want they've got
configurable encryption and an internet
kill switch which means that as soon as
your VPN disconnects all traffic stops
so that nothing will sneak out you can
check it out today at the link in the
video description we're gonna have an
affiliate URL right down there so thanks
for watching guys if you enjoyed this
little adventure in exploring weird
cheap
we're off of Aliexpress then maybe check
out our Oh our Show and Tell where
everyone bought the weirdest hardware
they could possibly find and then seed
who had seats off who had whatever it
was weird go check it out
thank bluff
money meet the nvidia quadro r-tx eight
thousand a fifty five hundred US dollar
graphics card yes my friends this is the
most powerful and most expensive single
GPU in their lineup but what could
possibly justify it I will tell you
after this message from our sponsor
glass wire glass wire lets you instantly
see your current and past network
activity detect malware and block badly
behaving apps on your PC or Android
device use offer code linus to get 25%
off glass wire at the link below
[Music]
I wouldn't blame you for thinking that
the dual Titan r-tx GPUs in our
compensator 2020 build is the pinnacle
of desktop GPU performance I mean watch
this watch this guys okay so I've got a
live blender viewport here I'm just
gonna switch to the rendered view holy
smokes that's free and incredible as a
digital artist or animator being able to
see what I'm working on in darn near
real-time opens up just about unlimited
creative possibilities I can change the
color of my lighting and boom I can see
what that looks like in the reflections
off the armor or as glasses or whatever
the case may be and I could change
things like my lighting source I could
go from an area light to the Sun let's
see what else can I do here oh yes I can
change the angle you know maybe we're
more into like you know a sunset versus
the Sun being you know directly over top
of them to change our intensity oh man
it's so bright out these glasses
changing gears to the junkyard scene
this is how long it takes
without the AI acceleration that is
built into the Titan and let's see it's
actually still quite noisy we fire up
our a I accelerated denoising head over
to our camera options here and now we
can play around with things like the
focus distance so check this out I'm now
focused on the cat helmet and you can
actually see we've got a very filmic
looking bokeh down behind it this is a
technique that animators use to make
their animated films look and feel more
like live-action films where they can
adjust the iris as well as the focus of
the actual lens and what it helps do is
draw your attention to the correct part
of the scene that you're supposed to be
looking at like maybe this guy with the
dialogue here is what we're supposed to
be focused on you can really see how it
changes what I'm drawn to depending on
what's in focus now we fire up this test
scene in Autodesk Maya we're gonna
switch over to the Arnold renderer now
when you're rendering it this kind of
detail level with this many light
bounces like look at these great subtle
reflections in the armor there's nothing
that you can do to get game-like
performance you know
many many frames per second but being
able to do it even this fast gives me a
much better idea of what I'm working
with when I make changes to my dude here
or dudette we have no way of knowing
what gender the armor wearer is finally
we can look at our performance and a
broader range of professional
applications including things like 3d
rendering but also things like energy
exploration simulation all that kind of
good stuff
this is Specter you perf and it takes
about 45 minutes to an hour to run which
gives us plenty of time to talk about
the actual subject of today's video this
sucker has 4608 tutor course 576 tensor
cores so those are four like AI and
stuff it's coming out
76 rage free sing course it can be
configured with up to two of them using
the env link fingers on the top and it's
got a whopping 300 watt TDP so that is
the amount of power we would expect it
to consume in your system the weight all
that is basically identical to the Titan
r-tx
for more than double the price what's
going on here well there are a couple
differences first up the power plugs are
at the back rather than the top of the
board this improves compatibility in
certain low profile chassis and gives
them room to put ah these connectors so
right there is the stereo connector so
you would use that if you were using
your graphic solution for working in
stereoscopic 3d and the sync connector
which we've actually used in the past to
sync up multiple Quadros so they can all
output as one gigantic mosaicked display
so if you actually needed this much GPU
horsepower on a gigantic video wall this
would be the only way to do that also
the display connectors on the cards
themselves are actually slightly
different so instead of three display
ports a USB type-c their VR link Fang
and an HDMI we actually get four display
ports along with VR link the cooler is
completely different so instead of a
tacky
golden black dual fan affair we've got a
tacky silver green and black single fan
affair so this probably comes down more
to the types of chassis they expect this
card to be installed in or it'd be more
important to draw in your cool air over
here and exhaust it out the back rather
than recirculating it inside the case
finally the biggest probably most
relevant difference instead of 24 gigs
of GDD are six memory this sucker has a
whopping 48 gigabytes of gddr5 it to
flip in your memory all that often on
this one when that happens it should
account for it and correct it enough
chitter-chatter though our before test
is run so it's time to shut this puppy
down and see just what
$5500 graphics card is capable of oh I
got to take both out because remember
these are equivalent solutions in terms
of their cost for the price of both of
these and an SLI bridge all I can get is
one of these so it better impress the
pants off me that's right Brandon it's
possible that I will have no pants by
the time we are done shooting this video
but only if it impresses the pants off
me so don't pre-kill yep I mean it could
also scare the pants off me or
disappoint the pants off me
okay there's a high possibility I will
have no pants Brandon I think this might
be the single most expensive component
in the compensator it somehow looks even
gaudier than the Titans okay I'm ready
to oh wait no no shoot so it's not as
big of a deal as it used to be now that
they have their studio drivers for the
g-force and Titan cards but if we want
to give this thing the absolute fairest
shake then I should really be installing
the Quadro drivers which include all the
certifications for professional
applications and some performance tuning
apparently
curious I did expect the Quadro driver
to be a slightly older version so in
this case it's 430 6.30 instead of 440
2.50 but what I wasn't expecting was for
it to be so much smaller it's about a
hundred and fifty mags smaller than the
g-force driver it's less stuff included
I guess so we're gonna do the same
things that we did last time around
except I want to see if it is any
different well just like before without
the AI denoising it does take quite a
while to render a new view of blender
man here that's fine you can turn that
on that feels about the same okay GPU
usage sitting in a comfy 20 to 25
percent range now we can play around
with our lighting color again get some
blue light on there maybe do something
similar to last time I mean all this
kind of feels the same when we're
manipulating blender man here except
this is the gotcha so come on in here
guys over the last few years the
difference in features between g-force
and quadrille cards has actually
narrowed but we're Quadro still stands
alone is in the total amount of GPU
memory so this scene loading it all in
only takes around 7.6 gigs of ram so
what would happen is as soon as we load
in a much much larger more complicated
scene and we exceed our 48 gigs it would
start to have to swap to system memory
which is quite a bit slower where the
Quadro stands out is with two of them
using an env link bridge you can have up
to 96 gigs of ram enabling you to load
up gigantic scenes and there might be
some places where we do find performance
differences let's go on I didn't expect
the difference here and I didn't get one
so that's good yeah that feels very
similar but once again this scene only
takes 10 gigs of GPU memory so we're not
constrained by it
time to give spec view perfect crack at
this okay here we go
so whether we're talking computer
assisted design where we see as much as
a 20-25 percent performance improvement
or
the medical imaging benchmark where
actually it's getting close to double
it's about 70% faster the Quadro really
sets itself apart from our Titan setup
because a lot of these workloads don't
really benefit from a second GPU much
like well gaming with that said not once
was our Quadro fully double the speed of
our Titan setups so if you are looking
for a bang for the buck I mean it you
probably weren't then this is not really
what you're after but if you're looking
for the most validated thing that gives
you the best performance and in certain
edge cases like when you need 96 gigs of
ram for a gigantic scene
it's basically what you're stuck with
speaking of stuck with you're stuck with
this segue to our sponsor Vesey Footwear
messy Footwear is 100% waterproof yes my
friends you could actually dip it in
water even though it uses a nice
breathable knit material you can walk
through rain snow mud and slush without
worry and on hot days it'll keep you
cool and on cool days it'll keep you
warm they're flexible and stretchy kind
of like wearing a second pair of socks
and they actually don't weigh that much
more than socks there's one of the
lightest sneakers in the world at just
175 grams
they've got women's and men's styles and
a wide variety of color so you can check
them out at Vesey Footwear comm slash
Linus tech tips you can get $25 off
using code Linus tech tips if you guys
enjoyed this video maybe check out the
full video of the compensator you're
looking for something else to watch this
machines come on I don't have to tell
you guys sick look at it thanks and now
it's even more expensive I got into
computers before shaving
so it was like confusing to me that
Nvidia had a card called book watch I
was like not like the razor
different razor I'm funny
money meet the nvidia quadro r-tx eight
thousand a fifty five hundred US dollar
graphics card yes my friends this is the
most powerful and most expensive single
GPU in their lineup but what could
possibly justify it I will tell you
after this message from our sponsor
glass wire glass wire lets you instantly
see your current and past network
activity detect malware and block badly
behaving apps on your PC or Android
device use offer code linus to get 25%
off glass wire at the link below
[Music]
I wouldn't blame you for thinking that
the dual Titan r-tx GPUs in our
compensator 2020 build is the pinnacle
of desktop GPU performance I mean watch
this watch this guys okay so I've got a
live blender viewport here I'm just
gonna switch to the rendered view holy
smokes that's free and incredible as a
digital artist or animator being able to
see what I'm working on in darn near
real-time opens up just about unlimited
creative possibilities I can change the
color of my lighting and boom I can see
what that looks like in the reflections
off the armor or as glasses or whatever
the case may be and I could change
things like my lighting source I could
go from an area light to the Sun let's
see what else can I do here oh yes I can
change the angle you know maybe we're
more into like you know a sunset versus
the Sun being you know directly over top
of them to change our intensity oh man
it's so bright out these glasses
changing gears to the junkyard scene
this is how long it takes
without the AI acceleration that is
built into the Titan and let's see it's
actually still quite noisy we fire up
our a I accelerated denoising head over
to our camera options here and now we
can play around with things like the
focus distance so check this out I'm now
focused on the cat helmet and you can
actually see we've got a very filmic
looking bokeh down behind it this is a
technique that animators use to make
their animated films look and feel more
like live-action films where they can
adjust the iris as well as the focus of
the actual lens and what it helps do is
draw your attention to the correct part
of the scene that you're supposed to be
looking at like maybe this guy with the
dialogue here is what we're supposed to
be focused on you can really see how it
changes what I'm drawn to depending on
what's in focus now we fire up this test
scene in Autodesk Maya we're gonna
switch over to the Arnold renderer now
when you're rendering it this kind of
detail level with this many light
bounces like look at these great subtle
reflections in the armor there's nothing
that you can do to get game-like
performance you know
many many frames per second but being
able to do it even this fast gives me a
much better idea of what I'm working
with when I make changes to my dude here
or dudette we have no way of knowing
what gender the armor wearer is finally
we can look at our performance and a
broader range of professional
applications including things like 3d
rendering but also things like energy
exploration simulation all that kind of
good stuff
this is Specter you perf and it takes
about 45 minutes to an hour to run which
gives us plenty of time to talk about
the actual subject of today's video this
sucker has 4608 tutor course 576 tensor
cores so those are four like AI and
stuff it's coming out
76 rage free sing course it can be
configured with up to two of them using
the env link fingers on the top and it's
got a whopping 300 watt TDP so that is
the amount of power we would expect it
to consume in your system the weight all
that is basically identical to the Titan
r-tx
for more than double the price what's
going on here well there are a couple
differences first up the power plugs are
at the back rather than the top of the
board this improves compatibility in
certain low profile chassis and gives
them room to put ah these connectors so
right there is the stereo connector so
you would use that if you were using
your graphic solution for working in
stereoscopic 3d and the sync connector
which we've actually used in the past to
sync up multiple Quadros so they can all
output as one gigantic mosaicked display
so if you actually needed this much GPU
horsepower on a gigantic video wall this
would be the only way to do that also
the display connectors on the cards
themselves are actually slightly
different so instead of three display
ports a USB type-c their VR link Fang
and an HDMI we actually get four display
ports along with VR link the cooler is
completely different so instead of a
tacky
golden black dual fan affair we've got a
tacky silver green and black single fan
affair so this probably comes down more
to the types of chassis they expect this
card to be installed in or it'd be more
important to draw in your cool air over
here and exhaust it out the back rather
than recirculating it inside the case
finally the biggest probably most
relevant difference instead of 24 gigs
of GDD are six memory this sucker has a
whopping 48 gigabytes of gddr5 it to
flip in your memory all that often on
this one when that happens it should
account for it and correct it enough
chitter-chatter though our before test
is run so it's time to shut this puppy
down and see just what
$5500 graphics card is capable of oh I
got to take both out because remember
these are equivalent solutions in terms
of their cost for the price of both of
these and an SLI bridge all I can get is
one of these so it better impress the
pants off me that's right Brandon it's
possible that I will have no pants by
the time we are done shooting this video
but only if it impresses the pants off
me so don't pre-kill yep I mean it could
also scare the pants off me or
disappoint the pants off me
okay there's a high possibility I will
have no pants Brandon I think this might
be the single most expensive component
in the compensator it somehow looks even
gaudier than the Titans okay I'm ready
to oh wait no no shoot so it's not as
big of a deal as it used to be now that
they have their studio drivers for the
g-force and Titan cards but if we want
to give this thing the absolute fairest
shake then I should really be installing
the Quadro drivers which include all the
certifications for professional
applications and some performance tuning
apparently
curious I did expect the Quadro driver
to be a slightly older version so in
this case it's 430 6.30 instead of 440
2.50 but what I wasn't expecting was for
it to be so much smaller it's about a
hundred and fifty mags smaller than the
g-force driver it's less stuff included
I guess so we're gonna do the same
things that we did last time around
except I want to see if it is any
different well just like before without
the AI denoising it does take quite a
while to render a new view of blender
man here that's fine you can turn that
on that feels about the same okay GPU
usage sitting in a comfy 20 to 25
percent range now we can play around
with our lighting color again get some
blue light on there maybe do something
similar to last time I mean all this
kind of feels the same when we're
manipulating blender man here except
this is the gotcha so come on in here
guys over the last few years the
difference in features between g-force
and quadrille cards has actually
narrowed but we're Quadro still stands
alone is in the total amount of GPU
memory so this scene loading it all in
only takes around 7.6 gigs of ram so
what would happen is as soon as we load
in a much much larger more complicated
scene and we exceed our 48 gigs it would
start to have to swap to system memory
which is quite a bit slower where the
Quadro stands out is with two of them
using an env link bridge you can have up
to 96 gigs of ram enabling you to load
up gigantic scenes and there might be
some places where we do find performance
differences let's go on I didn't expect
the difference here and I didn't get one
so that's good yeah that feels very
similar but once again this scene only
takes 10 gigs of GPU memory so we're not
constrained by it
time to give spec view perfect crack at
this okay here we go
so whether we're talking computer
assisted design where we see as much as
a 20-25 percent performance improvement
or
the medical imaging benchmark where
actually it's getting close to double
it's about 70% faster the Quadro really
sets itself apart from our Titan setup
because a lot of these workloads don't
really benefit from a second GPU much
like well gaming with that said not once
was our Quadro fully double the speed of
our Titan setups so if you are looking
for a bang for the buck I mean it you
probably weren't then this is not really
what you're after but if you're looking
for the most validated thing that gives
you the best performance and in certain
edge cases like when you need 96 gigs of
ram for a gigantic scene
it's basically what you're stuck with
speaking of stuck with you're stuck with
this segue to our sponsor Vesey Footwear
messy Footwear is 100% waterproof yes my
friends you could actually dip it in
water even though it uses a nice
breathable knit material you can walk
through rain snow mud and slush without
worry and on hot days it'll keep you
cool and on cool days it'll keep you
warm they're flexible and stretchy kind
of like wearing a second pair of socks
and they actually don't weigh that much
more than socks there's one of the
lightest sneakers in the world at just
175 grams
they've got women's and men's styles and
a wide variety of color so you can check
them out at Vesey Footwear comm slash
Linus tech tips you can get $25 off
using code Linus tech tips if you guys
enjoyed this video maybe check out the
full video of the compensator you're
looking for something else to watch this
machines come on I don't have to tell
you guys sick look at it thanks and now
it's even more expensive I got into
computers before shaving
so it was like confusing to me that
Nvidia had a card called book watch I
was like not like the razor
different razor I'm funny
the problem is over a third of our team
has been either sick there's nobody here
or self isolating over the past while
and working on large video projects
remotely isn't nearly as simple as
working with text documents not all of
our editors have powerful workstations
at home and even if they did our
environment is very collaborative so the
whole team needs to have access to the
same projects and files which are stored
on our server at the office so we turned
to this this right here is not my laptop
well I mean that is to say it is my
laptop but as you can see I am
effortlessly playing back an 8k video
project even though it's on this wimpy
little ultra book that's because I'm
using a software product called parsec
to use the powerful hardware of my
desktop workstation that's over at the
office from here at home it uses the
same low latency encoding technology
that powers cloud gaming services like
GeForce now and parsec claims that it
can be used for video editing animation
and even computer assisted design or CAD
so to validate their claims we have
spent the last week experimenting with
their software and even using it as part
of our workflow let's talk about how
that went and talked about our sponsor
fresh books fresh books allows you to
quickly manage your invoices payments
and expenses so you can spend more time
focusing on your main business try their
30 day free trial at fresh books comm
forward slash tech tips
now the paid version of parsec supports
switching between dual monitors and
allows administrators to control who can
access which workstations but for our
purposes the free single monitor version
works just fine to get setup you create
an account
download the app they've got desktop
versions for Windows Mac and Linux login
on both machines the host and the client
and they should immediately show up if
they don't you can try manually
configuring ports and port forwarding in
the network tab and on your router we
never had to go if you have a fast
internet connection immediately increase
the bandwidth limit on the host machine
so that's the one that you plan to
remote into the default 10 megabit per
second has a lot of ugly compression
artifacts even at 1080p also if your
hardware supports it h.265 encoding
might yield better image quality but if
my experience is anything to go by it
might also just give you a black screen
I ended up stuck with h.264 once you're
loaded in the interface is shockingly
simple you click the little translucent
parsec logo and you can hide it switch
to windowed mode chat with other users
who are sharing the session like if you
had a friend logged in to play a
split-screen local multiplayer game or
disconnect that's it it supports copying
pasting text between the host and client
but it definitely lacks some of the
other creature comforts of even older
versions of TeamViewer I will talk more
about that later
we're parsec blows TeamViewer and most
other remote access apps out of the
water though is the experience now it
was built for gamers to use their
personal gaming machine as a high
resolution 60fps cloud gaming service
that they can connect to from anywhere
and it works really well my home desktop
monitor is a 38 40 by 1600 ultra wide
and at max bitrate on a good wired
connection I was surprised at how well
it handled things like a wall of
scrolling text my ping time to the
office is under three milliseconds
though so this is basically a best-case
scenario but at 60 Hertz I'm getting
just about one frame of total latency
including encoding transmitting the data
and decoding it's really responsive now
of course most of the work that I do is
in Microsoft Word where I would have no
reason to remote into a powerful
workstation so now let's hear from some
of the
members of my team video editing is what
got us interested in parsec in the first
place it's not perfect we average one
two three frames of desync between audio
and video which makes syncing with a
slate and audio a bit confusing because
it might not sound in sync even though
the waveform says it is audio playback
through parsec also isn't quite good
enough for evaluating the quality epic
recording because it had some
compression artifacts but it's good
enough as long as you're just cutting
video as opposed to doing audio
restoration visual fidelity is largely
good enough but if you have an
inconsistent connection or there are big
changes in a scene we need alt tab or
zoom in expand the monitoring window the
compression artifacts can take a few
seconds to clear up where we've been
really happy is the input lag it's very
close to being right in front of the
machine and sometimes I'll forget when
I'm using parsec versus doing things
locally while editing I'd even know off
sitting at home I just feel like I'm
just wearing pajamas and working at the
office there's no difference when it
comes to fine detail and color work
compression artifacts can be mistaken
for the actual image and vice versa
color bars in particular showed a
constant compression artifact in the red
bar parsecs suggested super sampling
running the workstation at 4k and the
client PC at 1080p to improve this but
even that will require a final pass for
a color accuracy here at the office so
we haven't really tinkered with that too
much the biggest downside right now is
leg-up multi-monitor support the pro
version supports switching between two
displays but not showing both at the
same time so it's not that great there
are some workarounds we could explore
like equipping our editors with
extra-large monitors for using software
like display fusion or fancy zones to
split them up virtually we'll cross that
bridge when we get a little more
desperate though for now parsec is
working fantastically for the bulk of
our remote editing I'd love it the lack
of multi monitor slowed me down a little
especially when some of the windows go
lost and I had some performance problems
at first but after switching to a wired
connection they mostly cleared up and
everything about using Maya felt snappy
and almost instantaneous I was still
experienced
some latency but it was world's better
than what the wireless connection with
only one real caveat the camera the
worse than network connection the more
the camera felt kind of heavy to move
especially during with the actions like
zooms and rotations and also lacks the
snappiness of animating on the host pc
directly all in all either wired or
wireless I can definitely say that
compared to lugging a eight pound laptop
around
I'd much rather use parsec for modeling
and animation on the go as long as my
internet connection is good enough so
I'm apparently doing the gaming section
of our work from home video because
Linus thinks I'm a huge gamer because I
play games on my lunch break
so I tried out parsec my laptop
immediately adapted my gaming desktops
21 by 9 monitor to 16 by 9 and I dropped
into some combat in Black Mesa which I'm
playing through right now on my lunch
break with no issues there was
definitely noticeable latency between
flicking the mouse or hitting the
trigger and seeing the result but it's
decent enough to play single-player
games for sure even if competitive
multiplayer is off the table as for my
other favorite game rocket League
controller support was plug and play and
while a true eSports player would
obviously find any amount of latency
unacceptable for someone who's just
trying to have a good time it's more
than forgivable I did not feel like it
was significantly degrading my
performance I spent a bit of time
playing with the gaming features as well
and even from a remote location I was
super impressed overall we did find
parsec to be more tinkering and less
polished than TeamViewer for example it
doesn't run as a service so you'll have
to set up automatic login and then like
a logout script or some kind of separate
remote access software if you want to be
able to reboot the Machine and then
parsec back in controlled I is supposed
to be the hotkey for immersive mode but
I never managed to get that to work so I
had a hard time sending windows
shortcuts like control-alt-delete and in
my humble opinion two-factor
authentication should be mandatory for
remote access software like this also I
experienced a couple of just totally
weird complete lock ups
but for what we're doing there is
nothing quite like it and it's been
serving us surprisingly well and the
price is right so hopefully you guys
found it helpful and you'll give it a
try we're gonna have it linked in the
video description you know what else
we're gonna have link down there our
sponsor privacy is a free service that
allows you to generate virtual credit
cards for online purchases and
subscriptions by using the twelve cards
that you can get for free you can make
sure that you keep track of what you are
subscribed to remember when chase forgot
to cancel his subscriptions well now
with privacy he doesn't need to jump
through hoops for the cancellation
process and remove his credit card
information he can simply cancel the
card that he issued for that
subscription and they're gonna
automatically cut off your subscription
isn't that easy by generating virtual
credit cards with limits you also make
sure that you're not sending personal
information out to the sites that you
use so now you can sign up for sites you
wanted to try but looked a little too
sketchy by upgrading to their pro
features you can get 36 cards more
security features and one percent cash
back something that banks only offer to
approved credit cards and if you already
have that that's actually another three
percent it'll stack so check it out
today and you'll even get $5.00 for
nothing it's privacy com forward slash
Linus that's privacy com /vy Ness so
thanks for watching guys if you enjoyed
this video maybe check out actually it
was a sponsored video but really cool
video about shadow tech shadow Tech has
a data center full of virtualized gaming
machines which you could also use as a
workstation and you remote into those
pretty cool stuff
the problem is over a third of our team
has been either sick there's nobody here
or self isolating over the past while
and working on large video projects
remotely isn't nearly as simple as
working with text documents not all of
our editors have powerful workstations
at home and even if they did our
environment is very collaborative so the
whole team needs to have access to the
same projects and files which are stored
on our server at the office so we turned
to this this right here is not my laptop
well I mean that is to say it is my
laptop but as you can see I am
effortlessly playing back an 8k video
project even though it's on this wimpy
little ultra book that's because I'm
using a software product called parsec
to use the powerful hardware of my
desktop workstation that's over at the
office from here at home it uses the
same low latency encoding technology
that powers cloud gaming services like
GeForce now and parsec claims that it
can be used for video editing animation
and even computer assisted design or CAD
so to validate their claims we have
spent the last week experimenting with
their software and even using it as part
of our workflow let's talk about how
that went and talked about our sponsor
fresh books fresh books allows you to
quickly manage your invoices payments
and expenses so you can spend more time
focusing on your main business try their
30 day free trial at fresh books comm
forward slash tech tips
now the paid version of parsec supports
switching between dual monitors and
allows administrators to control who can
access which workstations but for our
purposes the free single monitor version
works just fine to get setup you create
an account
download the app they've got desktop
versions for Windows Mac and Linux login
on both machines the host and the client
and they should immediately show up if
they don't you can try manually
configuring ports and port forwarding in
the network tab and on your router we
never had to go if you have a fast
internet connection immediately increase
the bandwidth limit on the host machine
so that's the one that you plan to
remote into the default 10 megabit per
second has a lot of ugly compression
artifacts even at 1080p also if your
hardware supports it h.265 encoding
might yield better image quality but if
my experience is anything to go by it
might also just give you a black screen
I ended up stuck with h.264 once you're
loaded in the interface is shockingly
simple you click the little translucent
parsec logo and you can hide it switch
to windowed mode chat with other users
who are sharing the session like if you
had a friend logged in to play a
split-screen local multiplayer game or
disconnect that's it it supports copying
pasting text between the host and client
but it definitely lacks some of the
other creature comforts of even older
versions of TeamViewer I will talk more
about that later
we're parsec blows TeamViewer and most
other remote access apps out of the
water though is the experience now it
was built for gamers to use their
personal gaming machine as a high
resolution 60fps cloud gaming service
that they can connect to from anywhere
and it works really well my home desktop
monitor is a 38 40 by 1600 ultra wide
and at max bitrate on a good wired
connection I was surprised at how well
it handled things like a wall of
scrolling text my ping time to the
office is under three milliseconds
though so this is basically a best-case
scenario but at 60 Hertz I'm getting
just about one frame of total latency
including encoding transmitting the data
and decoding it's really responsive now
of course most of the work that I do is
in Microsoft Word where I would have no
reason to remote into a powerful
workstation so now let's hear from some
of the
members of my team video editing is what
got us interested in parsec in the first
place it's not perfect we average one
two three frames of desync between audio
and video which makes syncing with a
slate and audio a bit confusing because
it might not sound in sync even though
the waveform says it is audio playback
through parsec also isn't quite good
enough for evaluating the quality epic
recording because it had some
compression artifacts but it's good
enough as long as you're just cutting
video as opposed to doing audio
restoration visual fidelity is largely
good enough but if you have an
inconsistent connection or there are big
changes in a scene we need alt tab or
zoom in expand the monitoring window the
compression artifacts can take a few
seconds to clear up where we've been
really happy is the input lag it's very
close to being right in front of the
machine and sometimes I'll forget when
I'm using parsec versus doing things
locally while editing I'd even know off
sitting at home I just feel like I'm
just wearing pajamas and working at the
office there's no difference when it
comes to fine detail and color work
compression artifacts can be mistaken
for the actual image and vice versa
color bars in particular showed a
constant compression artifact in the red
bar parsecs suggested super sampling
running the workstation at 4k and the
client PC at 1080p to improve this but
even that will require a final pass for
a color accuracy here at the office so
we haven't really tinkered with that too
much the biggest downside right now is
leg-up multi-monitor support the pro
version supports switching between two
displays but not showing both at the
same time so it's not that great there
are some workarounds we could explore
like equipping our editors with
extra-large monitors for using software
like display fusion or fancy zones to
split them up virtually we'll cross that
bridge when we get a little more
desperate though for now parsec is
working fantastically for the bulk of
our remote editing I'd love it the lack
of multi monitor slowed me down a little
especially when some of the windows go
lost and I had some performance problems
at first but after switching to a wired
connection they mostly cleared up and
everything about using Maya felt snappy
and almost instantaneous I was still
experienced
some latency but it was world's better
than what the wireless connection with
only one real caveat the camera the
worse than network connection the more
the camera felt kind of heavy to move
especially during with the actions like
zooms and rotations and also lacks the
snappiness of animating on the host pc
directly all in all either wired or
wireless I can definitely say that
compared to lugging a eight pound laptop
around
I'd much rather use parsec for modeling
and animation on the go as long as my
internet connection is good enough so
I'm apparently doing the gaming section
of our work from home video because
Linus thinks I'm a huge gamer because I
play games on my lunch break
so I tried out parsec my laptop
immediately adapted my gaming desktops
21 by 9 monitor to 16 by 9 and I dropped
into some combat in Black Mesa which I'm
playing through right now on my lunch
break with no issues there was
definitely noticeable latency between
flicking the mouse or hitting the
trigger and seeing the result but it's
decent enough to play single-player
games for sure even if competitive
multiplayer is off the table as for my
other favorite game rocket League
controller support was plug and play and
while a true eSports player would
obviously find any amount of latency
unacceptable for someone who's just
trying to have a good time it's more
than forgivable I did not feel like it
was significantly degrading my
performance I spent a bit of time
playing with the gaming features as well
and even from a remote location I was
super impressed overall we did find
parsec to be more tinkering and less
polished than TeamViewer for example it
doesn't run as a service so you'll have
to set up automatic login and then like
a logout script or some kind of separate
remote access software if you want to be
able to reboot the Machine and then
parsec back in controlled I is supposed
to be the hotkey for immersive mode but
I never managed to get that to work so I
had a hard time sending windows
shortcuts like control-alt-delete and in
my humble opinion two-factor
authentication should be mandatory for
remote access software like this also I
experienced a couple of just totally
weird complete lock ups
but for what we're doing there is
nothing quite like it and it's been
serving us surprisingly well and the
price is right so hopefully you guys
found it helpful and you'll give it a
try we're gonna have it linked in the
video description you know what else
we're gonna have link down there our
sponsor privacy is a free service that
allows you to generate virtual credit
cards for online purchases and
subscriptions by using the twelve cards
that you can get for free you can make
sure that you keep track of what you are
subscribed to remember when chase forgot
to cancel his subscriptions well now
with privacy he doesn't need to jump
through hoops for the cancellation
process and remove his credit card
information he can simply cancel the
card that he issued for that
subscription and they're gonna
automatically cut off your subscription
isn't that easy by generating virtual
credit cards with limits you also make
sure that you're not sending personal
information out to the sites that you
use so now you can sign up for sites you
wanted to try but looked a little too
sketchy by upgrading to their pro
features you can get 36 cards more
security features and one percent cash
back something that banks only offer to
approved credit cards and if you already
have that that's actually another three
percent it'll stack so check it out
today and you'll even get $5.00 for
nothing it's privacy com forward slash
Linus that's privacy com /vy Ness so
thanks for watching guys if you enjoyed
this video maybe check out actually it
was a sponsored video but really cool
video about shadow tech shadow Tech has
a data center full of virtualized gaming
machines which you could also use as a
workstation and you remote into those
pretty cool stuff
